🎵 ¶¶ Relax, and take a deep breath. You're about to take a journey that millions of souls have taken before you. you. Relax and breathe deeply. deeply. Your journey is safe and wonder filled. With every breath, relax your body more and more. You will journey to the non-physical and return to the physical. Your journey is as natural and easy as breathing. Now with every breath, relax and release any tension. Relax your scalp. Your neck and shoulders. Shoulders Stomach Relax your legs and toes. Feel the tension drain down and away from your physical body. All tension is gone. All discomfort is gone. All discomfort is gone. You are totally relaxed. Clear your mind of yesterday and tomorrow. tomorrow. Do this by flowing all cares and worries down and away from your physical body. Be present. Be here now. now. You feel calm, you feel content. Say in your mind, say to yourself the following affirmation. I have physical and non-physical bodies. Both live in harmony within one body. They can safely and easily separate at will, and come back together again whenever I want. All I have to do is think of where I want to be and I am there. I perceive both the physical and non-physical senses. senses. I am at home, both in the physical and non-physical worlds. I interact with the non-physical world, and And the entities there that protect, affirm and guide me. I am powerful beyond measure. I am grateful for all my experiences. I love life. A gentle wave of loving energy is flowing into my toes and up my body. I feel this energy growing. growing, becoming stronger and stronger. stronger. The energy flows out the top of my head and joins with the love all around me. Now is the time to begin raising the energy level of both your physical and non-physical bodies. Using your physical vocal cords, tune or sing the vowel sounds of A, E, I, O, and OO. I'll wait while you do this. Thank you. Thank you for watching. Thank you. Feel the energy building all around you. See the energy building building. Sending the vibrations into and out of your feet, top and bottom. Knees, front and back. back The front and back of your hips Eptomen Chest Shoulders the front and back of your elbows hands The front and back of your throat. Brow Bow Feel the energy swirl around the inside of your body and out the top of your head Out the top of your head Flow this sparkling energy out the top of your your head and down into the bottom of your feet. Create a ball of sparkling energy all around you. you, fill it with the energy of your tuning, play with the colors, notice the sounds, feel Feel the textures, now wait while you do this. Thank you. Thank you. Now swirl the energy down and around your body and into the bottom of your feet change directions swirl the energy the other way down and around your body Now, instead of flowing this energy out the top of your head, have it flow in and out of every pore in your body. Feel the energy radiating in and out every pore of your body. Notice how the boundaries of your body dissolve. You are more and more energy. energy, less and less dense. I'll wait as you become used to this new state of being. Thank you. Create in your mind, picture yourself in a meeting place, A place where you and your guides gather and talk. Use your non-physical senses and create the details of this place. Notice all that is around you. This is a place you'll come back to, time and time again. Thank you. Be there fully, be present, experience all the sensations. It may be helpful to turn around 360 degrees to see all parts of your meeting place. place. I'll wait while you do this. Thank you. Greet your guide. Spend some time communicating with each other on topics of interest to you both. I'll wait while you do this. Thank you. Off to the side, the air is thickening and starting to swirl. You can see the vortex that's being created. You know this is the tunnel forming before your eyes. Wait as it forms. terms. Turn now to your guide. Create an agreement that your objective is to explore the tunnel, and the information it has for you. You see the light at the distant end of the tunnel, but that is for another journey. journey. Enter the tunnel now. Feel the energy. energy. How does it make you feel? Reinforce to your guide that you would like to saunter down the tunnel. This is a place you know well Decide which of you will give the tour tour. As you make your way down the tunnel, I'll remind you of what to look for, and start Start your stroll. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Notice the colors, do you recognize all the colors? Listen for music. Touch the crystals on the walls, how do they feel? What do you learn from them? When you touch the walls of the tunnel, what what happens. Play with this. Guides have told us that the walls are made of intention. Who's? You and your guide now have time to explore other aspects of the tunnel. I'll return when it's time for the next phase of your adventure Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's time to learn to fly. Feel yourself becoming lighter and lighter. until you float where you are standing. Have your guide show you how to race down the tunnel, feel the wind in your face, feel Feel it in your hair. Stop now. Is this place different than where you started? If you explore the tunnel again, I'll give you time to do this. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's time to return. turn, fly back down the tunnel to find yourself back in your meeting place. Focus fully on being in your meeting place. place. Express gratitude to your guides. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now slowly, come back. It's time to return to your physical body. Slowly shifting your focus to your physical body. body, say goodbye to your guides, come back to your body, Come back to normal energy flow. Say in your mind, say to yourself, I am back in my physical body. I am completely in alignment with my physical body I remember all that happened to me I choose which energies will stay with me me, and which I will close down, now engage the physical world, take a deep breath, wiggle Wiggle your fingers. Wiggle your toes. Take another deep breath and come back to normal consciousness. Come back to your physical surroundings. Use your physical voice and repeat, I feel alive and refreshed. I am grateful. Thank you. Thanks for watching!
