We will begin this exercise with a three-to-one method. Find a comfortable sitting position. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. And while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number three, three times. Level three is for physical relaxation, where you can learn to relax from head to toes in a matter of seconds. To help you learn to relax physically at Level 3, I am going to direct your attention to different parts of your body. Concentrate your sense of awareness on your scalp, the skin that covers your head. You will detect a fine vibration, a tingling sensation, a feeling of warmth caused by circulation. Now release and completely relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. you. Concentrate your sense of awareness on your forehead, the skin that covers your forehead. You will detect a fine vibration, a tingling sensation, a feeling of warmth caused by circulation. now release and completely relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue concentrate Concentrate your sense of awareness on your eyelids and the tissue surrounding your eyes. You will detect a fine vibration, a tingling sensation, a feeling of warmth caused by circulation. Now release and relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. Concentrate your sense of awareness on your face, the skin covering your cheeks. You will detect a fine vibration, a tingling sensation, a feeling of warmth caused by circulation. Now release and completely relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. in you. Concentrate on the outer portion of your throat, throat, the skin covering your throat area. You will detect a fine vibration, a tingling sensation, a feeling of warmth caused by circulation. Now release and completely relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your body and place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. you. Concentrate within the throat area. And relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your body and place it in In a deep state of relaxation, going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate on your shoulders. Feel your clothing in contact with your body. Feel the skin and the vibration of the skin covering this part of your body. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and to place your shoulders in a deep state state of relaxation, going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate on your chest. Feel your clothing in contact with this part of your body. Feel the skin, and the vibration of your skin covering your chest. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures, and place your chest in a deep state of relaxation, going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate within the chest area. Relax all organs. Relax all glands, relax all tissues, including the cells themselves, and cause them to function in a rhythmic, healthy manner. Concentrate on your abdomen. Feel the clothing in contact with this part of your body. Feel the skin and the vibration of the skin covering your abdomen. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place your abdomen in a deep state of relaxation going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate within the abdominal area. Relax all organs. Relax all glands. hands, relax all tissues, including the cells themselves, and cause them to function in in a rhythmic, healthy manner. Concentrate on your thighs. Feel the clothing in contact with this part of your body. Feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering your thighs. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place your thighs in a deep state of relaxation, going deeper and deeper every time. Sense the vibrations at the bones within the thighs. By now these vibrations are easily detectable. concentrate on your knees feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering the knees Relax all tensions and ligament pressures, and place your knees in a deep state of relaxation, going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate on your calves. Feel the skin and the vibration of the skin covering your calves. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place these parts of your body in a deep state of relaxation, going deeper and deeper Deeper, every time. To enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, concentrate on your toes. Enter a deeper, healthier level of mind. To enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, concentrate on the soles of your feet. feet. Enter a deeper, healthier level of mind. To enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, concentrate on the heels of your feet. 8. Enter a deeper, healthier level of mind. 9. Now cause your feet to feel as though they do not belong to your body. Your feet feel as though they do not belong to your body. Your feet, ankles, calves, and knees feel as though they do not belong to your body. Your feet, ankles, calves, knees, thighs, waist, Shoulders, arms, and hands feel as though they do not belong to your body. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind, deeper than before. 4. This is your physical relaxation level 3. Whenever you mentally repeat and visualize the number 3, your body will relax as completely as you are now, and more so every time you practice. practice. Take another deep breath and as you exhale, mentally repeat and visualize the number two three times. Level 2 is for mental relaxation, where noises will not distract you. Instead, noises will help you to relax mentally more and more. To help you learn to relax mentally at Level 2, I am going to call your attention to different passive scenes. Visualizing any scene that makes you tranquil and passive will help you relax mentally. Your being at the beach on a nice summer day may be a tranquil and passive scene for you. A day out fishing may be a tranquil and passive scene for you. A tranquil and passive scene for you may be a walk through the woods on a beautiful summer day when the breeze is just right where there are tall shade trees Trees and beautiful flowers, a very blue sky, an occasional white cloud, birds singing in the distance, even squirrels playing on tree limbs, hear the birds singing in the distance. This is Mental Relaxation Level 2, where noises will not distract you. To enhance mental relaxation at Level 2, practice visualizing tranquil and passive scenes. To enter the basic plane level 1, mentally repeat and visualize the number 1 three times. You are now at level 1, the basic plane level that you are able to use for a purpose, any purpose you desire. To enter deeper, healthier levels of mind, practice with the Countdown Deepening Exercises. To deepen, count downward from 100 to 1, or from 50 to 1, or from 25 to 1. When you reach the count of one, you will have reached a deeper, healthier level of mind, deeper than before. You will always have full control and complete dominion over your faculties and senses at all levels of the mind, including the outer conscious level. The best time to practice the countdown deepening exercises is in the morning when you wake up. Remain in bed at least five minutes practicing the countdown deepening exercises. The second best time to practice is at night when you are ready to retire. higher. The third best time to practice is at noon after lunch. Five minutes of practice is good. Ten minutes is very good. And 15 minutes is excellent. To practice once a day is good, two times a day is very good, and three times a day is excellent. If you have a health problem, practice for 15 minutes three times a day. To help you enter a deeper, healthier level of mind I am going to count from 10 to 1 On each descending number you will feel yourself going deeper and you will enter a deeper, healthier level of mind 10 9 Feel going deeper 8, 7, 6, deeper and deeper, 5, 4, 3, deeper and deeper, 2, 1. 1. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind, deeper than before. You may enter a deeper, healthier level of mind by simply relaxing your eyelids. Relax your eyelids. Feel how relaxed they are. Allow this feeling of relaxation to flow slowly downward throughout your body, all the way down to your toes. It is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed, a very healthy state of being. To help you enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, I'm going to count from 1 to 3 and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will project yourself mentally to your ideal place of relaxation. I will then stop talking to you, and when you next hear my voice, One hour of time will have elapsed at this level of mind My voice will not startle you You will take a deep breath Relax And go deeper One Two Three Project yourself mentally to your ideal place Of relaxation Until you hear my voice again Relax. Relax. Take a deep breath, and as you exhale, relax and go deeper. whenever you hear me mention the word relax all unnecessary movements and activities of your body brain and mind will cease immediately and you will become completely passive and relaxed physically and mentally. The difference between genius mentality and lay mentality is that geniuses use more of their minds and use them in a special manner. You are now able to use more of your mind and to use it in a special manner. The following are beneficial statements that you may occasionally repeat while at these levels of the mind. Repeat mentally after me. My increasing mental faculties are for serving humanity better. Every day, in every way, I am getting better, better, and better. positive thoughts bring me benefits and advantages I desire. I have full control and complete dominion over my sensing faculties at all levels of the mind, including the outer conscious levels. I will always maintain a perfectly healthy body and mind. Every time you function at these levels of the mind, you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally. You may use these levels of the mind to help yourself physically and mentally. You may use these levels of the mind to help your loved ones physically and mentally. You may use these levels of the mind to help any human being who needs help physically and mentally. You will always use these levels of the mind in a constructive, creative manner for all that is good, honest, pure, clean, and positive and this is so You will continue to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in, so that when we move on, we shall have left behind a better world for those who follow. You will consider the whole of humanity, depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being, You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. In a moment, I am going to count from one to five and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, Feeling Better Than Before 1 2 Coming out slowly now. 3 At the count of five, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before, 4. Feeling the way you feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing, refreshing, relaxing, healthy sleep. 4. 5. Eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before.
