Exercise 2 Balance The Circle of Possibilities Assume a comfortable position and begin your process of attaining a state of deep meditation. As before, we start in emptiness, floating free and completely at ease. The mundane world is melting away into nothingness, and your concerns for the day are washing away with it. Be still for a time and enjoy this moment. moment. You feel yourself slowly floating downward, softly, slowly, floating towards your domain. rain. You feel a sensation of power flow over you like a warm bath, soothing and protecting you as you pass through it. You are crossing over into the shadow realm. Nothingness slowly gives way to twilight and you float downward past a simple orb of glass that contains within it a key. You pay little attention to this orb As you know that it is not yet time To discover its purpose and its meaning You see the mighty walls of stone That encircle your realm You are comforted by their presence You float ever downward Further and further Until finally you come to rest Between two pools of power And a great mirror of promise and magic You can hear the subtle bubbling and churning of the unknowable waters that make up the mirror, and you gaze upon it with hope and anticipation. But you see nothing in the glass. Suddenly you get the familiar feeling of having left something undone. What could it be? All at once a fierce torrid of wind blasts by you, pushing you sideways with its force. You stand and try to brace yourself against this mighty wind, but its course changes direction and the winds begin to encircle you. Within the swirling flow of the mighty winds, you can hear voices, some loud and some but a whisper. These voices see-saw back and forth, as if they were phasing blazing in and out of reality. The sound of the circling winds is thunderous as it whips about you and throughout your realm. You feel as if you are standing in the center of a tornado. You move towards its spinning mass, feeling as though you could pluck knowledge of anything you wish to learn from inside this tornado. But as you begin to move, a powerful blast of heat stays you in your path. A jet of flame passes over you and yet you are not burned by it. Instead you begin to feel an amazing courage and desire growing within your breast. The stream of flame intensifies and its warmth impassions your spirit. The flame quickly grows into a massive wall of fire and it merges with a swirling circle of winds and a vast eruption of power. The feeling of something approaching from behind distracts you. As you turn to face it, a wave of blue-green water washes all around you. Your breath halts in your throat, and you begin to tremble, as every emotion you have ever known fills you all at once. A thousand voices resound in your mind, and you can understand what every one of them is saying, as the peace of understanding flows through your entire being, you become steady. The last of the mighty wave of water flows around you and washes against the wall of fire and wind, joining with it seamlessly. You are held in wonder at the unimaginable sight before you. Finger-like cyclones of energy are beginning to pulse in and out from the spinning wall as it wheels ever faster around you. Its pull is intense and commanding. You begin to wonder if you are going to be pulled into the energy storm. You hear a tremendous crunching and cracking all around you. It is as if a huge tree is about to crash to the ground. Leaves and branches seem to come from nowhere and bombard the walls of the tempest, only to be drawn into its spinning mass. An ever-increasing deluge of debris is now flying past you. you. Pieces of stone and earth join the frenzied current of branches and leaves smashing into the wall. They are increasing in size and are passing dangerously close to you. You start to question your safety. Your concern is heightened as the monstrous rumbling of what could only be an avalanche swells throughout the realm. huge boulders and entire trees are now being sucked into the vortex of the wall it is as if an entire mountain is being ripped apart around you feelings of panic threaten to overtake you but you are strong you still yourself now you begin to listen more carefully to what is within the mighty noise all around you. From deep within the destructive deluge of the avalanche, you hear the unmistakable sounds of a peaceful meadow. The song of a breeze gently blowing through tall grass surrounds you. The soft chirping of birds and the smell of fertile green earth envelop you. you. All at once you feel grounded and at one with all life within the meadow. You lie down in the soft grass of this peaceful place and you begin to dream. Something stirs you, you awaken in the shadow realm, but the sight before your eyes makes you wonder if you are not still dreaming. The tornado of energy has vanished completely, you can see that it has left behind a few few gifts. You find yourself surrounded by four huge stone statues arranged evenly around you in a circle. They have been sculpted to represent the magical elements of earth, air, fire, and water. In the center of each of these elemental statues is a slowly spinning portal to the domain from which it came, and each glows with a different color of ghostly spectral light. Have you learned the lessons of the elements? A fragile, yet familiar voice asks you. As you turn towards this voice, you find a curious sight. An old woman is rising up and out of the pool of the moon. As she steps from it, she looks at you with a pleasing smile and twinkling eyes. You recognize her as one of the people Who have touched you most deeply in your life Balance A gruff yet somehow very gentle voice bellows You have heard this voice many times before You turn again and greet the elderly gentleman Rising from the pool of the sun You give him a gracious nod And you can feel in your heart Just how much he means to you You are comforted yet very confused by the presence of these two in the shadow realm. You gesture toward them as if to ask a wordless question, but suddenly they are no longer the only ones there. One by one you see other beings rise from the two pools. Some are human, some are not. Some you have known your entire life, some you have never seen before. Some are creatures of myth and fantasy, some you can't quite make out at all. As they rise from the two pools, each being gives you a knowing glance. Now they begin to encircle you from two different directions. They pass by and through each other until at last they have formed two perfect rings around you. You see that the beings making up the external ring are facing outward toward the boundaries of your realm. Those of the internal ring are facing inward toward you. One by one, each being in each ring touches the creature beside him. Now the beings begin to rise into the air. The two rings of beings revolve around you in opposite directions. This bizarre dance of mismatched creatures slowly spinning around you is the most curious thing you have ever witnessed. You can't help it, but an amused grin comes over your face. Your grin lasts only a moment, however, as you see that the entities that make up the two rings do not share in your humor. Their eyes seem troubled and lifeless. They look upon you with great need and desire. They are looking for something that only you can give them, power. As you read the patterns of energy emanating from the two circles, you are stunned by how how weak they are. Help us, help us, they cry out to you. One by one, their voices are raised, louder and louder, in a desperate call for assistance. You know that you must act quickly, for the momentum of the rings is slowing. You move to the pools of flow and counter-flow, and draw from each of them a ball of energy. energy. You join these balls of energy together. The power they create is mighty and you hurl it into the two rings of calling beings to supercharge them. Nothing happens. You draw from the pools again and again. Faster and faster you bombard the rings with intense balls of energy, but they are still still becoming slower. In desperation, you turn to the mirror, you hope for an answer, and you receive one. In the glass, you can see only your own reflection. Now you realize what must be done. With powerful purpose and intent, you soar high above the two diminishing circles within your realm and look down upon them there you see it the empty space between the two rings you know that you must fill this empty space wild energy races through you but you know that you must remain steady and open yourself completely to the opposite flows of the two rings you feel the the balanced energies within these two rings, the flame and the shadow, the breeze and the storm, the balance that the elemental portals and the two rings contain. In a blinding burst of speed, you wing toward your goal. You enter the gap between the two rings and release your energy. Your power unites the two rings and accelerates their pace. You feel the power of the flow and the counter flow as they speed around you. The two circles are gaining in strength and meaning and now you know that your work between them is complete. You separate yourself from the energy that you have created between the two rings. You float away from this energy and enter into the exact center of the inner ring. ring. There, you hover and watch and wait. The rings have now reached an incredible speed. They seem to be tilting back and forth on some unseen axis. Suddenly, both rings are not only encircling you, they are also revolving around you in opposite directions. One passes overhead as the other passes below you. It is like being in the center of a gigantic gyroscope. The strength and power being generated by the spinning rings is unlike anything you have ever felt before, and your spirit tingles with excitement. You feel the balance the rings contain, and you know that the secrets of these rings are yours for the taking. You extend your arms and open yourself to the balance and the power of the rings flying around you. Streams of flow and counter flow energy begin to enter and move through you. As each one passes, you feel more and more attuned to them and to yourself. Each wave of energy washes a weight out. Each wave of energy infuses you with possibility. You float inside of the two rings with perfect trust and perfect understanding. The rings are yours. It is time to seal them and cast the most powerful circle you have ever known. With great will you call for the elements and the elementals. A gale of wind blasts forth from the portal of the east and swirls about the base of the statue of air. A mighty A mighty flame shoots forth from the Portal of the South like the breath of a great dragon and dances about the Statue of Fire. A great wave of water and emotion washes forth from the Portal of the West and flows freely around the Statue of Water. The smell of green leaves and fresh dirt surrounds you as energy pours from the Portal of the North and green magic grows on the Statue of the Earth. you breathe deeply of the elemental energies and ready yourself to call for deity but the gods and goddesses are already here a spectral crescent moon floats before you it is steeped in magic and the ancient mystery of the goddess it lunges towards you and pierces you just below the heart but you feel no pain you know that your very soul has been impaled by the crescent moon moon, and that a piece of it has been taken from you by the tip of this holy horn. Your courage has been rewarded, and the spirit of the goddess herself has blessed you. The crescent moon slowly raises you upward, and you are filled with the pleasure of being held by the Great Mother. mother. The crescent moon slides through your soul and out of your body and rises high above you. In a blinding flash, a great glowing ball appears before you and hangs in the air. The power and light that radiates from it is like the power of a billion suns compressed into a single sphere. A stream of flame bursts from this sphere and burns across your chest. You know that the very spirit of the God has touched you. The glowing ball expands and sweeps upwards towards the crescent moon and joins with the moon in a brilliant flash of power and light. You can feel the peace of your soul in the center of their union. You know that this part of your soul is being remade into something new, something powerful. It is as if a part of you is being reborn for a reason you do not yet understand. Billowing vapors begin to swell from this place of creation. They slowly build into a storm of energy and magic. Monstrous crashes of thunder and bright flashes of light and color emanate from the ever growing mass of clouds. You look hard into the center of the energy storm. What do you see? You see that the hands of deity have forged the peace of your soul into the most beautiful and commanding sword you have ever seen. You extend your hand towards the sword, and it spins and races towards you in a blur of speed. It pierces the two rings, crystallizing and shattering them into a billion shards of glass. They explode around you at the exact moment the sword reaches your hand, and you drive the sword down to seal the circle. You feel the sword penetrate and hold inside some unseen force. The shattered pieces of the rings fly outward and melt together and they form two gigantic spheres of crystalline energy around you. You stand in the center of your realm in the two spheres. You are feeling more magical and more powerful than you you ever imagined you could. You reach down and wrap your hand around the hilt of the sword. You are eager to reclaim it, but the sword won't budge. You can see that the blade of the sword is half buried in the center of a huge circle of white marble that has somehow formed beneath you. Looking out toward the edge of this new addition to your realm, you see that a ring of jet That black stone encompasses the inner circle of white marble. It is slowly spinning in a counter-clockwise direction. Again you reach for the soul sword and pull at it with all your physical and magical might. Still it refuses to move. You do not yet possess the strength to claim that sword, a brusque voice says to you. You look up in time to see the elderly gentleman slowly sinking back into the pool of the sun. Now you hear the gentle voice of the old woman. Don't despair, dear, she says. Your time will come. She disappears completely into the pool of the moon. A soft, calming breeze brushes your forehead. head, relaxing and refreshing your spirit. You look around at the vastness of the shadow realm, and are awed by its power and its beauty. You know that you have learned much this day, and any feelings of lack or disappointment flow away from you and vanish completely. You know that it is time to rest now, so you sit down on the circle of white marble at your feet and open your third eye. You feel the great circles of power you have cast, intact but still and quiet around you. All is calm and at peace within the realm. You are satisfied with its balance. You begin to float up toward the reality of the waking world. Softly, slowly, you float up. Small doorways melt and form in the walls of the two spheres, and as you pass through them, you are returning to your human body and mind. Softly, slowly, you rise farther and farther away from the shadow realm. you feel yourself becoming solid again you are aware of your breath as it enters your lungs and exits again you take in a deep cleansing breath and as you exhale you open your eyes and return to the earthly plane Thank you.
