We will begin this exercise with the 3-2-1 method. Find a comfortable sitting position. Close your eyelids. Take a deep breath. And while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number 3 three times. level three is for physical relaxation to learn to relax from head to toe in a matter of seconds to help you learn to relax physically at level three I'm going to direct your attention to different parts of your body. Concentrate your sense of awareness on your scalp. The skin that covers your head. You will detect a fine vibration. A tingling sensation. A feeling of warmth caused by circulation. caused by the energy of life itself. Now release and relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. Concentrate your sense of awareness on your forehead the skin that covers your forehead you will detect a fine vibration a tingling sensation a feeling of warmth caused by circulation caused by the energy of life itself now release and relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and to place it in a deep state of relaxation that will go deeper and deeper as we continue you concentrate your sense of awareness on your eyelids and the tissue surrounding your eyes you will detect a fine vibration a tingling sensation a feeling of warmth caused by the energy of life Now, release and relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. you. Concentrate your sense of awareness on your face, the skin covering your cheeks. You will detect a fine vibration, a tingling sensation, a feeling of warmth caused by the energy of life. Now release and relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your head and and to place it in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. Concentrate on the outer portion of your throat, the skin covering your throat area. You will detect a fine vibration, a tingling sensation, a feeling of warmth caused by the energy of life, caused by circulation. Now release and relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your body. And place this area in a deep state of relaxation that will grow deeper and deeper as we continue. you. Concentrate within the throat area. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures from this part of your body and place it in a deep state of relaxation going deeper and deeper every every time. Concentrate on your shoulders, arms and hands. Feel your clothing in contact with your body. Feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering your shoulders, arms and hands. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place your shoulders, Consider arms and hands in a deep state of relaxation going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate on your back. relax all tensions and ligament pressures and produce a state of relaxation in this part of your body from your neck to the end of your spine Concentrate on your chest. Feel your clothing in contact with this part of your body. Feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering your chest. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place your chest in a deep state of relaxation, going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate within the chest area. Relax all organs. Relax all glands. Relax all tissues including the cells themselves and cause them to function in a rhythmic healthy in a healthy manner. Concentrate on your abdomen. Feel the clothing in contact with this part of your body. Feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering your abdomen. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place your abdomen in a deep state of Have relaxation going deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate within the abdominal area. Relax all organs. Relax all glands, relax all tissues including the cells themselves, and cause them to function in a rhythmic, healthy manner. Concentrate on the hips and pelvic area. Release all tensions and ligament pressures and produce a healthy state of relaxation in this part of your body. Imagine all your organs, glands, tissues and cells functioning in a healthy, rhythmic manner. Concentrate on your thighs. Feel your clothing in contact with this part of your body. Feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering your thighs. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place your thighs in a deep state of relaxation, Sensation going deeper and deeper every time. Sense the vibrations at the bones within the thighs. eyes. By now these vibrations are easily detectable. Concentrate on your knees. feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering your knees relax all tensions and ligament pressures and to place your knees in a deep state of relaxation going deeper Deeper and deeper every time. Concentrate on your calves. Feel the skin and the vibration of your skin covering your calves. Relax all tensions and ligament pressures and place these parts of your body in a deep state of relaxation going deeper and deeper every time to enter a deeper healthier level of mind concentrate on your toes Enter a deeper, healthier level of mind. To enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, concentrate on the soles of your feet. Enter a deeper, healthier level of mind. To enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, concentrate on the heels of your feet. Enter a deeper, healthier level of mind. Now cause your feet to feel as though they do not belong to your body. Feel your feet as though they do not belong to your body. your feet feel as though they do not belong to your body your feet ankles calves and knees feel as though they do not belong to your body Your feet, ankles, calves, knees, thighs, waist, chest, shoulders, arms and hands feel as though they do not belong to your body. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind. Deeper than before. This is your physical relaxation level three. Allow your body, brain, and mind to memorize this wonderful feeling of deep physical relaxation. Do that now. Notice your slow, rhythmic breathing. Notice how relaxed all of your muscles are. Whenever you desire to enter this physical relaxation level three, mentally repeat and visualize the number three several times. Your body will relax as completely as you are now and more so every time you practice. Take another deep breath and And while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number two several times. And you are at level two, a deeper level than three. Level two is for mental relaxation, where noises will not distract you. Instead, noises will help you to relax mentally more and more. They help you learn to relax mentally at level 2. I am going to call your attention to different relaxing scenes. Experiencing any scene that makes you feel tranquil and passive helps you relax mentally. experience these scenes in a holographic three-dimensional manner imagine yourself being near water on a nice summer day feeling the warm sun a gentle breeze the sound of waves experience it fully and completely as if you are there in a holographic three-dimensional manner experience deep gratitude or enjoying Enjoying this tranquil and passive scene so fully and completely. Use all of your sensing faculties to experience this scene as tranquil and passive. Another tranquil and relaxing scene for you may be swinging on a hammock. beautiful afternoon when the temperature is perfect imagine yourself swinging on a hammock fully and completely as if you are there What sounds do you hear? What fragrances do you smell? How does swinging on a hammock make you feel? What pleasant memories come to you? Another tranquil and relaxing scene for you may be a walk on a beautiful day when the And the breeze is just right where there are tall shade trees, beautiful flowers, a very blue sky. Occasional white clouds and birds singing in the distance. Here birds singing in the distance. This is mental relaxation level 2, where noises will not distract you. To enhance mental relaxation at level 2, practice visualizing tranquil and passive scenes. To enter the basic plane level, take another deep breath and while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number one several times. You are now at level one. the basic plane level a deeper healthier level of mind where you can function from your center the best time to practice meditation exercises is in the morning when you wake up remain in in bed at least 5 minutes practicing. The second best time to practice is at night when you are ready to retire. The third best time to practice is at noon, after lunch. Five minutes of practice is good. 10 minutes is very good and 15 minutes is excellent to practice once a day is good two times a day is very good and three times a day is excellent if you you have a health condition that you are concerned about, practice for 15 minutes, three times a day. To help you enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, I am going to count from 10 to 1. On each descending number, you will feel yourself going deeper and you will enter a deeper, healthier level of mind. 10 9 Feel going deeper. 8 7 6 Deeper and deeper. Five. Four. Three. Deeper and deeper. Two. One. Two. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind. Deeper than before. You may enter a deeper, healthier level of mind by simply relaxing your eyelids. Relax your eyelids. A slight smile helps to relax your eyelids and the muscles of your face. Feel how relaxed they are. Allow this feeling of relaxation to flow slowly downward throughout your body, all the way down to your toes. It is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed, a very healthy state of being. To help you enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, I'm going to count from one to three and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will project yourself to your ideal place of relaxation. I will then stop talking to you and when you next hear my voice, you will take a deep breath, relax, and go deeper. One, two, 3. Project yourself mentally to your ideal place of relaxation until you hear my voice again. Relax. Take a deep breath, and as you exhale, relax and go deeper. The difference between genius mentality and lay mentality is that geniuses use more of their minds and use them in a special manner. You are now learning to use more of your mind and to use it in a special manner. The following are beneficial statements that you may occasionally repeat while at these levels of the mind. Repeat mentally after me. My increasing mental faculties are for serving humanity better. every day in every way I am getting better better and better positive thoughts suggestions and images bring me benefits and advantages I desire I have full control and complete dominion over my sensing faculties at all levels of the mind. I will always maintain a perfectly healthy body, mind and immune system. Effective sensory projection statements for success. I am now able to attune my intelligence by developing my sensing faculties and to experience I experience myself as any point, place, level or depth so as to be aware of any actions taking place. I am able to function in non-locality regarding time and space. I am aware that intelligence exists at all levels and depths in the universe and therefore I can attune to all information. I am now able to use my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any matter kingdom, mineral, plant, animal and human if this is what I desire to do. I am now able to detect abnormalities whenever such abnormalities exist within any kingdom, any level. I am now able to apply corrective measures and to bring back to normalcy any abnormality found within any kingdom, any level, and any depth. Energy is available at any level to be acted upon, to create, through the subjective and objective dimensions. Every time you function at these levels of the mind, you will receive beneficial effects You may use these levels of the mind to help yourself, to help your loved ones, and to help any human being who needs help, physically and mentally. You will always use these levels of the mind in a constructive, creative manner. or all that is beneficial and positive, and this is so. You will continue to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in, so that when you move on, you will have left behind a better world for those who follow. You will consider the whole of of humanity depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being. You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. In a moment, I'm going to count from one to five and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. One. Two. 2. Coming out slowly now. 3. At the count of 5, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before, feeling the way you feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing, refreshing, relaxing, healthy sleep. 4, 5, eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. To guarantee success with your Silva techniques we recommend that you take the Silva seminars live For more information over course schedules and locations log on to silvamethod.com or call 1-800-545-6463 within the continental United States or 956-722-6391. Transcription by CastingWords
