We will begin this exercise with the 3-to-1 method. Find a comfortable position. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. And while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number 3 three times. To help you learn to relax physically at Level 3, I'm going to direct your attention to different parts of your body. Relax your scalp. relax your forehead relax your eyes and the tissue surrounding your eyes relax Relax your face. A slight smile always helps to relax the muscles of your face. Relax your throat, externally and internally, as well as your neck area. you. Relax your shoulders, arms, and hands. Take a deep breath, and as you exhale, relax Relax your chest externally and internally. Take a nice, deep belly breath and as you exhale, relax your abdominal area externally and internally. Relax your thighs. Relax your knees. Relax your calves. Relax your feet all the way down to your toes. It is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed, a very healthy state of being. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind, deeper than before. This is your Physical Relaxation Level 3. Whenever you desire to enter this Physical Relaxation Level 3, mentally repeat and visualize the number 3 several times, and you will be at Level 3. Your body will relax as completely as you are now, and more so every time you practice. To enter the mental relaxation level 2, mentally repeat and visualize the number 2 several times. Level 2 is for mental relaxation where noises will not distract you. Instead, noises help you to relax mentally more and more. To improve mental relaxation at Level 2, practice visualizing tranquil and passive scenes. Do it now. To enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, level one, take a deep breath and while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number one several times. you are now at level one, a deeper, healthier level of mind where you can function from your center. To help you enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, I'm going to count from ten to one. On each descending number, you will feel yourself going deeper and you will enter a deeper healthier level of mind ten nine feel going deeper eight seven six 6. Deeper and deeper. 5. 4. 3. Deeper and deeper. 2. 1. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind, deeper than before. at this very relaxed state feel your body as it exists in time and space you are here at this very moment be conscious be mindful of the here and now and relax Now focus your attention on your body. Feel your skin covering your body. Feel the vibration of the skin covering your body. Observe the fact that your body consists of systems. that you have many systems within you that make up who you are as a human body the digestive system the circulatory system the respiratory system the reproductive system the muscular system the skeletal system the cardiovascular system, the nervous system. Become aware that you are multidimensional and that you are also formed by your emotions, thoughts, and feelings, and that all of whom you are is guided by a universal source energy that also guides your life. observe the fact that all of who you are as a human being with emotions thoughts Thoughts and feelings is formed by cells. You are a gigantic map of cells. Experience your cells vibrant and alive. live. If all you could detect were your cells, what would they look like? How would you appear? here. Observe that the cells are formed by molecules. You are molecular. Imagine yourself as a molecular being. Observing yourself as a molecular being, how do you look differently? How is your being different? How is your experience of yourself? Observe that the molecular you is formed by atoms. Observe yourself as atomic in nature. Observe that atoms are formed by particles. There's great space between particles. observe the you that is particle in nature what is now so different about you at this dimension experience the space observe that particles are formed by energy observe the you that is energy you are energy you are an energy being guided by a spirit of intelligence that governs your life and your being your very existence at this energy level there are no boundaries that separate you from anyone or anything else that exists there is only space in that space you are one with all and all is you you. Expand your awareness of you to incorporate the entire room. At this energy level, you are one with the room and everything inside the room. There are no boundaries, only space. Expand your awareness further to now be one with the building. You are the building and everything in this building is you. Now expand your awareness to the city. You are the city and the city is you. Expand your awareness further to be one with the state. everything is you you are one with everything to the country the planet you are earth earth is you you. Continue to expand your awareness of your being to the solar system. You are the solar system. Experience yourself as the solar system. And the solar system is you. expand farther out to the galaxy you are the galaxy the galaxy is you and now the universe feel your presence throughout the entire universe the The universe is you, and you are the universe. There is no one thing that is far or near. There is no such thing as up or down. There is no yesterday, no tomorrow. Everything is now. you know all you are intelligent you are timeless you are eternal you are infinite in it. Nothing in the universe is separate. You are all. You are. while experiencing this magnificent sense of being one with source as if an immense ocean whose droplets constantly give rise to all forms in the universe remember that there is a droplet of this ocean of source energy that resides within you yet the droplet within you is still a part of the ocean with the exact same characteristics how you have manifested does not change your nature you are a small droplet of this one consciousness one sentient intelligence that is eternal universal and omnipotent all matter in the the universe collectively, constitutes source energy, in the same way that all of the droplets of salty water collectively make up the ocean. Allow this droplet within you to represent itself, to take a form you resonate with. Allow your personal drop of source energy to express itself in any way that is most appropriate for you. you. Allow a symbol or representation to express itself, to show itself to you. Take your time. Your personal representation of Source Energy, your Symbol, is your constant connection to all of whom you are as this Universal Infinite-ness. experience your symbols immense power energy love wisdom and abundance and thank the droplet of source energy within you for being one with you throughout your human living experience Express deep gratitude to your Source Energy for coming so clearly into your awareness now. now extend your arms outward to embrace your symbol of source energy and bring it towards you closer and closer into the area of your heart allow it to enter you and fill you completely experiencing source energy within you fully and completely now let us take the journey back to earth allowing yourself to become attuned with the galaxy the galaxy your human body resides in you are the galaxy the galaxy is you allow your awareness is to attune itself to you the solar system the solar system your human body resides in you are the solar system the solar system is you now you earth now Now you the country, now you the state, city, you this room. Allow your awareness to become mindful of you sitting on the chair. feel and know that while you are the universe and the universe is you you're also the encapsulated self filled with a droplet of source energy sitting in the chair you are a multi-dimensional being. Know that while in this human form, your droplet of source energy will be ever-present to help you in solving problems, in creating ideas and solutions, allowing you to make your life and the life of those around you better and better through time, doing your part in turning this planet into a paradise every time you function at these levels of the mind you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally you may use these levels of the mind to help yourself to help your loved ones and to help any human being who needs help physically and mentally you will always use these levels of the mind at a constructive creative manner for all that is good honest pure clean and positive and this is so you will continue to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this is a better world in which to live. So that when you move on, you shall have left behind a better world for those who follow. You will consider the whole of humanity depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being. You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. In a moment, I'm going to count from one to five and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before one two coming out slowly now three at the count of five you will open your eyes be wide awake feeling fine and in perfect health feeling better than before feeling the way you feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing refreshing relaxing Relaxing, healthy sleep. Four, five. Eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health. Feeling better than before. To guarantee success with your Silva techniques, we recommend that you take the Silva seminars live. For more information over course schedules and locations, log on to sylvamethod.com or call 1-800-545-6463 within the continental United States or 956-722-6391. Thank you.
