Exercise 3 Strength Through the Looking Glass Find a comfortable place where you can relax easily. We will now begin our third journey into the Shadow Realm. Using your normal method of meditation, drift just below the surface of this world and hang between the boundaries of the earthly plane and the shadow realm. You feel the edge of the earthly plane becoming distant and vague as you slowly drift downward, ever closer to the edge of the shadow realm. You are softly, slowly descending toward your domain. Your spirit is strong and grows ever stronger as you near the border of your place of power. You feel the sensation of an intense force of magical energy emanating from below. as you look down you see the two gigantic circles of energy you created on your last visit into the shadow realm you can almost make out the center of your domain deep within these circles but it is blurred by the powerful energies of the two circles as you drift closer to these circles you begin to feel the repelling energies of the outer ring you are being pushed away by its force. You build your own energy and try to move closer to it, but the power of the outer circle matches your own. You find you cannot move any closer to it than you already are. Something suddenly flies past your head like a bullet. You see a key imprisoned within an orb of glass as it passes through the boundary of the outer circle. It stops and hovers in the empty space between the two circles. You realize that the only way you are going to be able to get back inside of the shadow realm is by obtaining this key. You extend an open hand toward the key and will it to come to you, but it remains frozen between the boundaries of the two circles. A small pulse of energy suddenly flows from the outer circle. It rises as if to touch you, and when it does touch your hand, it stings like a bee. Why have you come to this place? A thunderous voice asks. You realize that the outer ring is somehow speaking to you in your mind. You know that if you hope to gain entrance to the Shadow Realm, you must answer its questions. As each question is asked, you must answer it, either aloud or in your mind. I asked you, why have you come to this place? The voice thunders again. You answer this question. What? it asks. Yes. What do you intend to do with the knowledge and power you will gain by your experiences in the Shadow Realm? You answer this question. Why should I grant you entrance to the Shadow Realm and not someone else? You answer this question. You have left the old path behind you. What will you do if you fail on this new path? path, you answer this question. As you ponder these questions and the answers you have given, you see that your answers have somehow already been etched onto the crystalline surface of the inner circle. They are also etched now into your memory. For good or bad, your answers have revealed how powerful the protective walls of the circles will be. They show how much influence you currently have within the Shadow Realm. Now as you watch, the orb of glass around the key begins to crack and separate. As the pieces of the glass float away from the key, they rejoin and transform themselves into a gold and silver necklace that slides itself through the hole in the key creating a necklace for you surety that you will not lose this precious key the necklace and the key rise and pass through the outer circle floating towards you and soon they are hanging in the air directly in front of you you You reach for the necklace and take it in your hands. As you clasp it around your neck, you are instantly transported to the center of the shadow realm. Now, you find yourself standing before a great mirror of magic. magic. You gaze into the mirror and reflect for a moment on the answers you have given to obtain the key and enter again into the shadow realm. A symbol of either your strength or your weakness flashes across the surface of the mirror. mirror. As you look down at the key hanging over your heart, you see that this very same symbol is carved into its shaft. A dense fog begins to flow from the mirror, and the symbol in the looking glass begins to fade and slowly disappears. The fog fills the shadow realm with a heavy blanket of mist. mist. It envelops everything so completely that you can barely make out anything within the realm. The air around you suddenly becomes cold and icy. A shiver runs down your spine as you sense that something is circling you within the veil of the fog. You feel as if if you are being hunted. You carefully begin to move toward the only thing you can still see in the Shadow Realm. This is the Soul Sword. You slowly reach for the hilt of the sword as you peer through the fog for any sign of your would-be attacker. Suddenly, the rustle of flapping wings startles you. You jump backwards. As you glance down at the soul sword, you witness a most curious sight. A black raven has perched on the crossguard of the soul sword within biting distance of your hand. The raven also appears to be searching through the fog for signs of movement. You can leave any time you want to, don't you know? The raven says as he looks up at you and twitches his head. That key around your neck, he continues. continues. All you have to do is hold it in your hand and wish your way out of this terrible place. But if you go, take me with you. Coward, something roars from deep within the mists, and a huge shape comes bounding through the fog toward you. If you listen to him, the roaring voice continues, we will never accomplish anything. It is a lioness. She paces up to the raven and swipes at him with her paw. The raven lets out a loud caw, flies up, and perches on your shoulder. I think, says the raven, that I will stay here for a while. That is, he looks you in the eye, if you don't mind. She wants to eat me, don't you know? The lioness shakes her head. You are hardly worth the effort, she says, glaring at the raven with contempt. She shifts her attention and looks more closely at you. now you on the other hand she chuckles as she studies you if a lioness can shrug she does so and then she turns to face the heart of the fog it's going to be difficult finding our way through the fog she says I do believe it's getting thicker by the minute the lioness paces back and forth at the edge of the mists. We aren't going in there, the raven shrieks as he hops about your shoulder. You can feel the grip of his claws in your flesh. We most certainly are, the lioness replies. She walks closer to you again and looks you in the eye. You have to listen to me, she says, because this is very important. Forget about the dangers. We have to find the mirror. It is a portal, a gateway to anywhere you want to go. If we don't find it right away, it might be lost forever in the fog. It's a gateway, all right, the raven shrieks, rising into the air above your head. It's a gateway to death and torture at the hands of God knows what. You don't know what kind of evil is waiting on the other side. The lioness begins to walk in a circle around you. The raven begins to fly around you and circle from overhead. You feel very uneasy about being in the presence of a raven and a lioness that have human-like personalities and have somehow developed the power of speech. Something about the way they are acting is wrong, very wrong. Ravens are normally curious, fearless birds, but this one seems to be afraid of his own reflection. For some reason he seems desperate to get you to leave the shadow realm with him. Lionesses are normally only aggressive when they are hunting or when they are threatened. This one is acting like she is going out of her way to pick a fight with anything that crosses her path. She seems anxious to get you alone in the fog with her. You are very suspicious about this strange pair of creatures. creatures. You can see that the lioness is becoming increasingly annoyed by the raven's presence in the shadow realm. The lioness is taking on a very aggressive posture and her contempt for the raven shows clearly in her eyes. It is quickly turning to hatred. The raven notices this and he seems to get a boost of courage from the fact that he is able to annoy the lioness. the raven begins to swoop down toward the lioness from the air and he is getting closer and closer to her with every pass he seems to be taunting the lioness by his ability to fly past her and her inability to do anything about it the raven's confidence gets the better of him and he flies too close to the lioness with one swing of her mighty paw she smacks the raven to the the ground. As you see the raven hit the ground, something very strange happens. The shape of the raven seems to flux and change for a few seconds. It is as if some unseen energy field surrounding the raven has been momentarily disrupted. Badly shaken, the raven tries to right himself, but the lioness is upon him immediately. She begins to thrash the helpless raven again and and again with her massive paws. The energy being released by the struggle between the raven and the lioness is intense and it soon begins to take its toll on the shadow realm. Every shriek from the raven tears the energy field that surrounds the shadow realm. You can feel the raven's fear and pain manifesting as dark creatures crawling around inside the fog. Every powerful blow being struck by the lioness is violently shaking the entire realm. You can feel things beginning to crack and crumble. The raven somehow manages to peck the lioness on the paw, and she rears back, roaring in pain. You see that her shape and form also seem to flux with disrupted energy. Just for a moment, you can see the scales of a reptile, where her fur should should be. There is magic at work here, the magic of glamoury, and you know that you are going to have to unmask it quickly before the shadow realm is completely destroyed. You open up your third eye. You focus your concentration on the raven and the lioness. The glamoury burns away and their true forms are revealed to you. The raven and the lioness were the dragon and the a lamb in disguise, and you are fed up with their destruction and trickery. You raise your arms and open your hands. You discover that you are able to sense and locate the pools of flow and counterflow within the veil of the fog. You call to these two pools with your mind and your will. You now see two glowing and powerful streams of energy as they move through the fog towards the dragon and the lamb. As the energy streams reach the dragon and the lamb, one of the streams weaves itself about the dragon's throat like a chain and pulls the mighty beast to the ground. The second stream of energy encircles the lamb, creating a protective bubble of energy around it. You move toward the dragon and the lamb and sit down between them. You raise an open hand to the dragon. You can feel the dragon's anger still raging. You open your other hand to the lamb and immediately sense the pain and isolation it is feeling. The lamb is badly injured. Its spirit is drawing deeper and deeper inside of itself for protection. You know that you must somehow try to heal the fallen creature before its purpose and meaning are lost forever. The lamb is too weak, the dragon too powerful. You know that you must somehow restore the balance between the dragon and the lamb. You focus your mind and concentrate on establishing a mental link between the dragon and the lamb. You feel the link take hold. As it does, the dragon begins to thrash madly about. The dragon can feel the lamb's pain and hopelessness. The dragon slowly begins to calm down as the realization of the damage it has caused overtakes it. Shame replaces the dragon's contempt. Empathy replaces the dragon's anger. You feel the energy patterns surrounding the dragon begin to change. They are changing into healing energies. and you can feel these healing energies as they pass through you and enter the lamb. You add your own healing energies into the stream. The lamb begins to respond to the healing energies almost immediately. It rises, steadies itself, and stands and looks into the dragon's eyes. The feeling of shame for taunting and teasing the dragon shines in the eyes of the lamb, and the dragon and the lamb seem to be silently acknowledging the harm they have caused each other. An unspoken apology resonates between them. The dense fog within the shadow realm begins to thin and soon disappears altogether. together. Now you see that you are sitting directly in front of the mirror in the pools of flow and counter flow. You see the energy streams that were protecting the lamb and holding the dragon at bay are slowly returning to the pools. As you gaze into the living waters of the mirror you are astonished by what you see. The mirror reveals the dragon in the guise of the lioness But she is changing, aging rapidly And changing in gender as well Her reflection in the mirror reveals her now as a lion But not just any lion He is ancient, but still powerful The light of life is fading within his eyes But the light of wisdom cuts through the haze of his years You have done well, the lion says to you as he shakes his massive mane. You have brought strength to us all. You see the lamb's reflection in the mirror once again reveals it as the raven. You see the raven fly up and perch on the lion's shoulder. You have changed us forever, the raven says to you, and for that I thank you. The raven gives you a nod. As you look upon his reflection, you see that he is changing as well. The raven transforms into the most beautiful female eagle you have ever seen Her feathers shine and shimmer with the energy and strength of youth She spreads her massive wings and you are humbled by her grace and power Her eyes seem to be speaking to you and you can hear her voice in your mind Go where you will and I will follow, she says I will protect you with all my skill and all my strength for you have united us and made us stronger than we ever could have been on our own. You see that the forms of the eagle and the lion are slowly beginning to melt together and merge with each other as if they were meant to be together all along. Huge wings and feathers begin to sprout from within the shapeless mass that the eagle and the lion have become. come. Beak and claws, tail and fur, feathers and mane emerge from the shapeshifting form until at last you see what has become of the eagle and the lion. You are facing a griffin. The griffin regards you with anticipation and hunger for adventure. Claim the heart of the sword, the powerful beast east roars, and its cry echoes throughout the shadow realm. Never mind the sword itself. It is a piece of your soul that must remain here in the shadow world. It is your anchor, your foundation. Draw the fiery spirit of the sword itself from the blade. You stand and begin to move towards the soul sword, but suddenly you hesitate for a moment to gaze at your own reflection in the mirror. You are amazed at how much your reflection has changed since you last saw it. Your aura glows with confidence and strength. You also see the spirits of the ancient ones swirling around you, and you know that you are not alone. The spirits of all those who have walked the path before you are now gathered around you and are at your side. You know that these spirits will be with you for all time They will guide and protect you on every journey You are charged by the powers of the spirits You are eager to continue on your quest for balance You move to the soul sword and grab onto the hilt of the sword You open your third eye and concentrate on the sword You find that you can feel the difference between the metal of the sword and the energy of the sword's spirit. You relax your hand and slowly draw the energy spirit from the blade of the soul sword. Now that the spirit of the soul sword is yours to command, you go to the mirror and plunge the sword into the center of the looking glass. The waters of the mirror begin to bubble and churn. A ring of energy erupts from the mirror's surface, and the living waters of the looking glass separate and part before you. You have opened a gateway to the astral plane. You can feel the unimaginable energies that exist on the other side of the mirror as they pulse through the spirit of the soul sword and through your entire being. You may now travel through the gateway and enter the astral world, but before you do, listen carefully to my words. The griffon is yours to command. You can take it with you or leave it behind to guard the shadow realm. The protective circles in the shadow realm also exist in the astral world that lies beyond the portal of the mirror. Do not pass beyond the boundaries of these astral circles for now. The energy spirit of the soul sword you hold is fearsome and powerful. It will protect you in the astral world. The sword itself was forged from a piece of your soul. It must remain here, fixed in the shadow realm. It is tied to you at all times and binds your astral body to your human self. The necklace is still clasped around your throat. The key hangs over your heart. If at any time you need to leave the astral plane quickly, take the key in your hand and you will be transported back to your physical body. I cannot travel with you through the portal of the mirror. The path that lies ahead is for you and you alone to experience. What is revealed to you on the other side of the mirror is meant for you and no one else. after a time however I will call to you and you will hear my voice either aloud or in your mind when you hear my voice beckon to you you must return to the shadow realm go now pass through the gateway of the mirror and enter the astral plane Thank you. Thank you. © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon © transcript Emily Beynon You must now return to the Shadow Realm. Follow the sound of my voice and return to the Gateway of the Mirror. Pass through the Gateway. Return to the Shadow Realm now. You are now back within the protective walls of your domain. You feel safe and at home. What you have experienced in the astral world is stored in your memory. You will never forget. You are calm and at peace, refreshed and renewed. You feel the energy spirit of the soul sword leave your hand and return to the blade from which it came. The griffon jumps up and perches atop the frame of the mirror. Its eyes show its weariness and you see that it is badly in need of sleep. It closes its eyes and slowly turns to stone. The griffon will sleep here until you are in need of it once again. You see that the waters of the looking glass are flowing back into themselves, sealing the gateway. You begin to float upward toward your earthly self, softly, slowly floating away from your domain. You drift up through the boundaries of the twin circles. You are nearing the edge of the shadow realm. You pass beyond the boundaries of your domain and cross over to the earthly plane. You are aware of the sounds of the world and the breath within your chest. You open your eyes and your mind to your earthly reality. Thanks for watching!
