We will start this exercise with the 3 to 1 method. Find a comfortable position, close your eyes, take a deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize the number three three times. To help you learn to relax physically at level 3, I'm going to direct your attention to different parts of your body. Relax your scalp, relax your forehead, relax your eyes and the tissue you surrounding your eyes. Relax your face. Relax your throat, externally and internally. Relax your shoulders, arms and hands. Relax your chest externally and internally Relax your abdominal area externally and internally Relax your thighs. Relax your knees. Relax your calves. Relax your feet. Recall the wonderful feeling of deep physical relaxation. You are now at a deeper healthier level of mind deeper than before. This is your physical relaxation level 3. 3 Whenever you mentally repeat and visualize the number 3, your body will relax as completely as you are now and more so every time you practice. To enter mental relaxation level 2, take a deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat Repeat and visualize the number 2 three times. Level 2 is for mental relaxation, where noises will not distract you, instead, noises will help you to relax mentally more and more. more. To improve mental relaxation at level 2, practice visualizing tranquil and passive scenes. Take another deep breath and while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize number 1 3 times. you are now at level one a deeper healthier level of mind where you can function from your center to help you enter a deeper healthier level of mind I'm going to count from ten to one on each descending number you will feel yourself going deeper and you will enter a deeper healthier level of mind ten nine feel going deeper eight seven six deeper and deeper 5 4 3 deeper and deeper 2 1 you are now at a deeper healthier level of mind deeper than before it is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed a A very healthy state of being. Effective sensory projection statements for success. I will be speaking in your place. I am now able to attune my intelligence by developing my sensing faculties and to experience myself myself as any point or place, level or depth, so as to become aware of any actions taking place. I am able to function in non-locality regarding time and space. I am aware that intelligence exists at all levels and depths in the universe and therefore I can attune to all information. I am now able to use my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any matter kingdom mineral plant animal and human if this is what I desire to do I am now able to detect abnormalities whenever such abnormalities exist within any kingdom, any level, any depth. I am now able to apply corrective measures and to bring back to normalcy any abnormality found within any kingdom, any level, and any depth. Energy is available at any level to be acted upon to create through the subjective and objective dimensions. In a moment, I'm going to count slowly from 10 to 1 so that you can attune yourself to universal source energy and your life's purpose. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. One, open yourself to thoughts, feelings, sounds, sights, or sensations that give you a sense of your purpose in life. Ask universal source energy. what is your vision for my purpose in life continue to deepen and experience what comes to you what does it look like what does it feel like and sound like pay close attention to symbols or other types of representations when something comes to you write it down remember to write down anything that comes to mind even though you feel you're making it up Write down images, thoughts, colors, ideas that surface for each question. Then simply take a deep breath and return to your center. once again the question to universal source energy is what is your vision for my purpose in life Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. next ask universal source energy what is it that I have to become in order for For this purpose to manifest, write down anything that comes to mind. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. now ask universal source energy what must I let go of or release in order to fulfill my purpose what must I let go of or release in order to fulfill my purpose write down anything that comes to mind Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. now ask universal source energy what must I embrace what must I embrace write Write down anything that comes to mind. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Finally, you can ask Source Energy, Is there anything else I need to know? Open yourself up to what comes to mind and write down anything. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Imagine yourself with the qualities you need in order to fulfill your life's purpose by being joyous and loving. while in a deep meditative state begin to experience your life's purpose from deep within what you have to know what you have to become what you have to embody and change imagine what you are meant to do in order to express that joy and love Remember this feeling. Every time you function at these levels of the mind and at these points of reference, you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally. You may use these levels of the mind and these points of reference to help yourself, to help your loved ones, and to help any human being who needs help, physically and mentally. You will always use these levels of the mind and these points of reference in a constructive, creative manner, for all that is good, honest, pure, clean, and positive, and this is so. You will continue to strive to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in, so that when you move on, you shall have left behind a better world for those who follow. You will consider the whole of humanity, depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being. You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. in a moment I'm going to count from 1 to 5 and cause a sound with my fingers at that moment you will open your eyes be wide awake feeling fine and in perfect health feeling better than before feeling the way you feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing, refreshing relaxing relaxing, healthy sleep. One, two, coming out slowly now. Three, at the count of five, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. Four, five, eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. To guarantee success with your Silva techniques, we recommend that you take the Silva seminars live. For more information over course schedules and locations, log on to silvamethod.com or call 1-800-545-6463 within the continental United States or 956-722-6391. Thank you.
