Exercise 4. Reflection. The Hall of Mirrors. The Left Hand Path. Find a quiet, comfortable place. Relax your body and clear your mind. Let go of your fears and your fantasies. They will deceive you if you let them. You close your eyes and imagine that the gold and silver chain is clasped around your neck and that the key is hanging over your heart. You imagine yourself grasping the key and holding it tightly in your hand. You feel the power of the key's energy growing stronger as you hold it. As the power of the key's energy increases, you feel it pulling you away from the earthly plane. You feel yourself drifting slowly downward, away from the mundane world. With every beat of your heart, you drift ever closer to the shadow realm. you are now nearing the borders of the shadow realm you are very close the key begins to grow warmer in your hand without warning it suddenly becomes burning hot you release your hold on the key but as you do the clasp on the necklace breaks and the key and the necklace fall into into the Shadow Realm below you. You look at the palm of your hand. An imprint of the key has been burned into your flesh. You resume your descent, and you pass over the borders and enter into the Shadow Realm. Instead of the usual twilight, you are greeted by a nearly pitch black world. You hover in the air high above the darkness. darkness. Soon, you are able to see an eerie glow of crimson light breaking on the horizon, and, as you watch, a blood-red crescent moon rises high into the skies of the shadow realm. But it is not the light of the sun reflecting off of the moon that is creating the shape of the crescent. The moon has been almost completely destroyed. Huge chunks of what remain of the moon flow aimlessly about the jagged blood-red crescent of the destroyed moon. Now, rising into the sky far off on the horizon, you see what is creating the eerie crimson glow on what remains of the moon. The sun has become a dying red dwarf star. Its crimson light is muted and vague. You can now hear distant screams and ghostly cries echoing from somewhere deep within the blackness of the shadow realm below you. you. Distant thunder rolls across the horizon, and the air of the Shadow Realm is charged with wild energies. Ghostly flashes of St. Elmo's fire appear and disappear below you in the blackness of the Shadow Realm. You now hear a vague, but very unsettling, cracking sound far off in the distance. It is as if some huge unseen creature was slowly moving towards you in the darkness. You notice the glow of a faint yet constant red light far below you. You are somehow being drawn towards this red light. You resume your descent and slowly float down into the blackness. As you begin to approach the center of the shadow In the shadow realm, you can now see vague outlines and shapes in the glow of the blood red moonlight. You are drifting toward the crystalline spheres of the two circles of power. The circles have been smashed to pieces. Some incredibly powerful force has destroyed the circles. Pieces of the walls of the circle remain intact, but they jut out in sharp jagged edges like two huge broken snow globes. As you float into the center of the smashed circles, your feet touch down on the white marble floor beneath you. You can hear a subtle rustling sound all around you. You feel as though someone or something were watching you. You can see that the constant glow of red light is now only a few yards away from you, but the source of the red light is still hidden in the darkness. darkness. You take several small, cautious steps towards the red light. Small pieces of the smashed circle crunch beneath your feet. Whatever was rustling around in the darkness stops moving. The entire shadow realm becomes eerily quiet. A haunted feeling washes over you. Slowly, carefully, you continue to move towards the the glow of red light. But as you approach it, you are frozen in your tracks. You are suddenly able to see the horrors revealed in that awful crimson glow. The griffon lies dead on the ground. The animal has been ripped to pieces from the inside out. It is as if the eagle and the lion had tried to separate themselves from each other and that they tore themselves apart in the process. A stream of slick black blood flows from the body of the fallen beast. It pools beneath your feet. Next to the still and silent body of the griffon, you see that someone or something has written the words, Welcome to the Nightmarelands in blood, on the white marble floor of the Shadow Realm. The bloody tracks of a large bird lead off into the darkness. Your blood runs cold through your veins. Something suddenly hisses at you. As you turn to face this new horror, your feet slip in the bloody pool under your feet. You fall backwards into the pool of crimson gore. Frozen with fear, you see a pair of huge glowing red eyes staring at you from out of the darkness. Now a huge Cheshire grin of sharp white teeth smiles at you from the shadows. smoke and flame issue from flared nostrils and a clawed and scaly hand thrusts the bloody carcass of a dead lamb at you it shakes the carcass a few times to make sure you notice then the thing in the shadows turns and runs away into the darkness you can hear its laughter echoing throughout the wreckage of your domain it was the dragon and he has become an insane killer killer. The shadow realm has become a land of nightmares and madness. You carefully regain your feet and peer around in the darkness for any signs of movement. You see nothing. You return your attention to the red glow. It is now only a few feet away from you. Carefully, carefully, you move toward it. Now, you can see that it is a glowing red crystal of many facets. The faceted crystal is lying on the white marble floor, directly in front of the mirror. You see that the looking glass of the mirror has been smashed and its pieces are also scattered on the marble floor. As you bend down and reach for the glowing red crystal, you touch a shard of the broken looking glass. It slices your fingertip open. You are bleeding. Your blood is dripping from this open wound, and the droplets of your blood fall to the ground and mix with the blood of the griffin. As the two bloods mix together, something very strange begins to happen. The mixed blood at your feet begins to swirl. It begins to flow on a stream toward the base of the mirror frame. There's more blood than you thought. The stream of blood shimmers with the eerie light of the crystal's red glow. glow. It surges up the side of the mirror like a crimson tide, and it fills the empty space inside the frame with a looking glass of living blood. You see a sudden flash of light at your feet. Something is sparkling in the pool of blood. It is the Soul Sword. You can just discern that its blade has been broken in half. You You also see that the lost necklace and key are wrapped around the hilt of the sword. You bend down and reach for the necklace and the key, but your wrists are suddenly seized by some powerful unseen force and you are jerked into the air. Something holds your wrists. You are dangling above the blood-stained floor of the Shadow Realm. You twist your body and pull your arms in an effort to free yourself, but your strength Your strength is useless against the powerful invisible force holding you in its grasp. A horribly painful image flashes through your mind. This same image appears on the surface of the looking glass of blood. Your memory stirs. In your mind, you now see the worst thing that you have ever done to another person. This memory replays itself on the looking glass of living blood. You must watch it as it plays, over and over again. Unable to move, you are forced to watch your own cruelty. cruelty. Your memory stirs again and now in your mind you see the worst thing that has ever happened to you. Like your first memory, this memory too replays itself on the looking glass of living blood. You must watch it as it plays. You feel your remembered pain, humiliation, and sadness all over again. Unable to move, you must keep watching, feeling, remembering. Now, an image of the thing that you are most afraid of flashes through your mind. The worst possible outcome of this fear plays itself out on the looking glass of living blood. You must watch it as it plays and replays. You want to run, but the unknown force holds you motionless. You are unable to move. You cannot flee. You look at your reflection in the looking glass of living blood. What do you see? the deepest, darkest parts of your mind. You look into the looking glass of living blood, and you see your soul reflected upon its surface. You cannot move. You are totally in the power of the unknown force that is holding you before the looking glass. You must face these awful parts of yourself. You are unable to move. You cannot turn away from yourself. There is nothing on earth or in any other realm that you can do. do. You must face yourself. You must face your own cruelty, your humiliation, your fear. You have no choice. You are required to look at yourself, face to face, in the looking glass of living blood. regard your mind regard your soul you have now faced the dark mirror of self the broken blade of the soul sword floats up and away from the blood-stained floor of the shadow realm it rises into the air directly in front of you you see that the necklace and the key are still dangling from the hilt of the sword the broken half blade of the soul sword sword lunges at your chest. It pierces you through the heart. You feel no pain. What you feel is the intense heat of a purifying fire burning away inside you. There is no blood, but you feel as if your life force were draining away. away. Like the shamans of old, you are now dead. Like all shamans, you must be reborn into the light and reclaim your power. Slowly, the broken blade of the soul sword pulls itself out of your chest and returns turns to the blood-stained floor from which it came. It takes the necklace and the key with it. The bloody surface of the looking glass begins to spin in a dark vortex of power and energy. Its pull is intense and undeniable. Suddenly, the unseen force that is holding you aloft releases its grip. You are instantly pulled into the dark spinning vortex of the looking glass. glass. You are now gliding through a pitch black tunnel at incredible speed. You are traveling through a dark and twisting pipeline. You are speeding through a small space without sound or light. You are totally alone in the dark. As you glide through the twists and turns of the tunnel you somehow realize that you are leaving your old life behind The person that you were fades away in the darkness behind you Now you are becoming much more than you ever were before You can now see a vague light in the distance far ahead of you. As you glide closer to this light, you see that it shimmers and shines in a dawning aurora of color. You have seen this light before. It is the living waters of the sun side of the looking glass. You have entered the portal of the mirror from one side, and now you are going to exit from the other side. Instead of a portal to the astral plane or to another dimension, dimension. The empty space between the two sides of the Looking Glass has become a canal of darkness. It is taking you to your destiny. You glide through the final turn of the tunnel. Now, you plunge through the living waters of the Looking Glass. As you pass through the sun side of the mirror, you feel as though though your body were somehow absorbing the light in the unknowable waters of the looking glass. You feel as though your entire being has become fluid. You raise a liquid hand in the air in front of your eyes, and you are amazed by what you see. The surface of your hand shimmers and shines with the reflective light of the living waters of the looking glass. You can see your own reflection in the palm of your hand. You see that your entire body has somehow been transformed into a living mirror. Other than yourself, however, nothing else is being reflected onto the mirrored surface of your body. You are now back where you began your journey through the labyrinths of balance. You are back inside the void. void. You look around and you can see nothing. You can feel nothing. The mirrored surface that your body has become reflects only the nothingness of the void. This is, you realize, your chance to start over again. You have been reborn. born. The void that surrounds you is the womb of a new beginning. As you think about this, you also realize that it is what you have accomplished in the past that has led you to this new beginning. The shadow realm is the symbol of your accomplishments, but the shadow realm that you left behind is under the control of dark powers and forces. It has become unbalanced. You know that you must return to the shadow realm and restore it. But how? You look around at the vastness of the void. It is limitless, and it is empty. There is only nothingness, no mirror, no exit, no way out. You know that you yourself have become the living waters of the looking glass. How can you pass through yourself? As you hold your mirrored hands in front of your eyes, you begin to realize that you cannot pass through yourself. but what you see in the palm of your mirrored hand sparks an idea. The imprint of the key is still burned into the palm of your hand. You run your fingertips over the imprint and sense that not only has the key left behind its mark, but it has also left behind some of its magic. When last you saw them, the key and the necklace were wrapped around the hilt of the soul sword. Broken or not, you know that there is also powerful magic within the Soul Sword. The powerful magic of creation. Focusing your mind, you concentrate on the imprint of the key burned into the palm of your hand. You call for the key to return to you. Instantly, you feel the key and the necklace rising up through the living waters of your body. But there is also something else. The spirit of the soul sword is returning to you as well. The key, the necklace, and the spirit of the soul sword pass through the living waters of the palm of your hand, and you grasp the hilt of the sword. Its power and magic are still intact. tact. It feels good to be holding the spirit of the soul sword in your hand once again. Its presence and power boost your confidence even higher. The key and the necklace float in the void directly in front of you. As if it had been given a silent command, the key pivots and turns, thrusts forward through the air, and begins turning as if it were unlocking an invisible door in front of you. A powerful A powerful wave of magic and energy erupt in the air around the key. A rift opens up around it, within which you can see the stone frame of the mirror. Beyond it lies the blackness of the shadow realm. As the key and the necklace float toward you, you see that the broken clasp of the necklace has been repaired. The necklace fastens itself around your throat. throat. The key once again hangs over your heart. With the powerful spirit of the Soul Sword in your hand, you step through the energy rift and enter the nightmare world of the Shadow Realm. The Shadow Realm is not the same as it was when you left it. It is much worse. Horrible Terrible screams and strange noises are sounding everywhere. Fires burn in the distance, and the twisted shadows of unknown creatures are writhing around you in the firelight. It is like a scene from a painting of hell. Black clouds swirl about the jagged crescent of the destroyed moon, making the shadow realm even darker than it was before the red crystal is still lying at the base of the mirror it's dim light is your only source of illumination wishing that it's light were brighter you begin to reach for the crystal as if in answer to your wish the crystal rises into the air and slowly begins spinning spinning. Rays of bright red light shoot out from the thousands of facets that cover the surface of the spinning crystal. The rays of light are also being reflected and intensified as they flash across your mirrored liquid body. The light is now bright enough for you to be able to see the center of the shadow realm. The motionless bodies of hundreds of dead ravens litter the once white marble floor in the center of your domain. The elemental statues have been hacked into strange, surrealistic shapes. The statues are now defaced monuments to the nightmare world that the Shadow Realm has become. The sun and moon pools are dried up and empty, their powerful energies having long since vanished. A huge shape suddenly appears at the edge of the shadows. The shape slowly moves out of the shadows and into the light of the crystal's crimson glow. It is the dragon. This time, he is out for your blood. The dragon lunges forward and snatches your arm and its huge pointed teeth, But as it does, the living waters of your arm separate and wash through the mouth of the beast. You are uninjured. The dragon rears backwards in confusion. The living waters quickly reform and your arm is restored. You now see that a single droplet of the living waters of your arm is hovering in the air before the dragon. The huge beast seems to be mesmerized by the shiny mirrored droplet. The droplet of living water begins to expand, and it transforms into a double-sided reflective disk. Just like the mirror, one side of this disk is capable of deflecting energy, and the other side can become an open portal that absorbs energy. A single ray of light from the spinning crystal flashes over the surface of the mirrored disk. It shines directly into the eyes of the entranced dragon. The dragon cries out as if it has been injured. It quickly retreats deep into a hidden recess inside the Shadow Realm. Intrigued by the power of this disc, you focus your mind on its surface. You are amazed by what you can see and feel. You find that not only can you mentally command the disc's movement, but that you can also see in your mind what is being reflected onto the mirrored surface of the disc. You now know how to restore the Shadow Realm. You quickly move back to the stone frame of the mirror and step into the frame of the Looking Glass. You mentally will the Spirit of the Soul Sword to move to the other side of the mirror and wait for your command. Obediently, the spirit of the soul sword leaves your hand and moves to the opposite side of the mirror. It poises itself over the empty frame as if ready to strike. You now extend your arms and you shake and wave your hands, releasing thousands of droplets droplets of the living waters into the air. Each droplet quickly transforms into a mirrored disc that hovers above you in the shadow realm. As if in response to what you are doing, the slowly spinning red crystal grows brighter and brighter. It begins to spin faster and faster. faster. Its bright beams of light are reflecting off of the surfaces of the mirrored disks, and the rays of light are penetrating deep into the shadow realm. Like the dragon, you can feel that the dark energies in the shadow realm are retreating from the bright beams of light. You release thousands more droplets of living water into the air. As you release the droplets of living waters from your hands, you see that the tips of your fingers are returning to human flesh. You know that you must act quickly before your body changes back to ordinary flesh and blood. There are now thousands upon thousands of mirrored discs scattered throughout the shadow realm. You can see and feel that not only are the dark energies within your domain retreating from the bright beams of light, but that the deflective energies of the discs are pressing the dark energies back toward the massive walls of stone that surround the shadow realm. The dark energies and forces are in retreat. retreat. You deepen your concentration in the mirror discs, and as you do, the rays of light emanating from the spinning crystal begin locking onto the mirror discs and are holding them in place. You are now mentally connected to each and every disc in the shadow realm. You command the disks to turn in unison. The surfaces of the disks are now reversed. The living waters of the disks begin to churn and flow like the ebbing tides, opening thousands and thousands of portals within the shadow realm. But you hold back the energies of the portals for just a moment. You know that whatever is pulled through these portals will also have to pass through the living waters of your body as they are drawn through the mirror frame. You brace yourself for what is about to come. You release your hold on the energy of the portals. The dark forces and energies within the shadow realm are drawn into the powerful vacuum of the mirrored discs. The dark energies enter your liquid body, and as they do, the horrible images of the dark energies flash through your mind, but you are strong, stronger than you have ever been before. The purity of your reborn spirit empowers you. You face the horrible images in your mind, and by facing them, you are removing their power. One by one, the defeated energies disappear into the astral world that lies beyond the stone frame of the mirror. As each piece of dark energy passes through you, you can feel the living waters of your body washing it, restoring the balance to each of these forces as they pass. Drop by drop, the living waters are returning to the mirror, and the sun side of the looking glass is being restored. The last dark energies are now passing through your body. You feel the very last trace of them disappear beyond the portal of the mirror. mirror. You have defeated the dark energies, and you are empowered by your victory. Now it's time to command the Spirit of the Soul Sword to strike. It is still hovering on the opposite side of the mirror frame. You command the sword to strike, and the sword thrusts forward and pierces the waters of of the restored looking glass. The powerful energies of creation within the spirit of the soul sword spread over the surface of the looking glass. The charged waters explode from the frame, filling the shadow realm with their creative energies. You look up to the skies of the shadow realm high above you. The dying red star that was once the sun begins to grow brighter and brighter. Its powerful rays wash over the surface of the jagged crescent of the moon. As you watch, the sun and the moon are slowly restored. The lights of the restored sun and moon intermingle and spread throughout the shadow realm. You watch with satisfaction as the sun and the moon slowly disappear below the horizon. The entire shadow realm has now been restored. restored. You are finally able to relax in the twilight of your world. You see that the spirit of the soul sword has returned to the restored blade, which is once again frozen in the white marble floor at the center of the shadow realm. You step out of the mirror frame and as you do, the living waters of the moon side of the looking glass are also restored. Now you notice a small red gemstone lying on the white marble floor at your feet. feet. You pick up this small stone and hold it in the palm of your hand. As you look closely at this stone, you see that thousands of facets are cut into its surface. Within each facet, you can see and feel all life within the universe. A bright light flashes over the stone and you see that the imprint of the key that was burned into the palm of your hand has been healed. The stone floats up and away from your healed palm and embeds itself into the shaft of the the key hanging over your heart. You know that you have a powerful new tool, but its use will have to wait for another day. Although your mind is now at ease, you are very tired. You slump, then sit on the white marble floor of the shadow realm. You can still feel the power of your rebirth flowing through your mind and body You grasp the key hanging over your heart with your hand It is cool and soothing You slowly begin to float up and away from the shadow realm You float up and through the crystalline energies of the restored circles of power, and their energies recharge your body and spirit. You slowly float higher and higher in your domain. Just as you are about to leave your world, you look down into the shadow realm and notice Notice that there are several new additions to your domain. A large wooden chest is sitting next to the moon pool, and a chalice of silver and gold is resting on the edge of the sun pool. Next to the chalice is a very old bottle. These new additions will also have to wait for another day. It is time for you to rest now. Now, you continue your ascent. You are now crossing over the borders of the Shadow Realm. As you pass over the borders, you see the statue of a goddess standing behind the Moon Pool, and the statue of a god behind the Sun Pool. The gods and goddesses have returned to you. You cross the boundaries of the shadow realm, and you open your eyes and your mind to the waking world. Thank you.
