exercise 5 the avatar and then there were two now that you have established your body as the first point on the pentagram of power it is time to attain a state of deep meditation and enter into the second point on the pentagram of power this is the shadow realm close your eyes and empty to your mind. You feel the living temple of your body remaining firm and anchored on the earthly plane, but your mind and spirit are now slowly drifting away from the waking world. You feel the necklace around your throat, the key hanging over your heart. You reach Reach for the key and hold it in your hand. You can feel the energies within the key pulling you towards the Shadow Realm. You are now nearing the borders of the Shadow Realm. You cross over the border and as you do, you can feel that your domain is quiet and still. Still, it feels as if the entire realm were waiting in silent anticipation for the arrival of something or someone. As you drift deeper into the shadow realm, you pass through the twin circles of power. Even the crystalline circles seem to be silent and waiting. You float down into the center of your domain and come to rest on the white marble circle in front of the great mirror of promise and magic. You can sense that the earthly energies of the living temple have followed you into the shadow realm. You feel as though a rope of grounding and anchoring energy is looped around your waist, and that the other end of the energy rope is tied to the foundation of the living temple on the earthly plane. When you gaze upon the living waters of the looking-glass of the mirror, you see that they are as still and silent as the rest of the shadow realm has become. You can clearly see your own reflection in the looking-glass of the mirror. It is crisp and vivid on the mirrored surface of the still and silent waters. As you gaze upon your own reflection, you suddenly begin to feel a very strange sensation You feel as if you were somehow in two different places at the same time This sensation washes over your entire being You feel as though your spirit and consciousness were floating away from your body body. You feel as if your spirit and consciousness are slowly drifting toward your own reflection in the looking glass of the mirror. Suddenly you find yourself on the other side of the looking glass of the mirror. You are gazing back at yourself in the shadow realm. The part of you that has remained in the shadow realm is your shade self. You are now in your true astral body on the astral plane. You can feel the magic of the astral world all around you. You turn away from the mirror and the beauty of the eternal temple greets you. The interior of the eternal temple is still and silent. You begin to move into the interior of the eternal temple and as you do, you feel the the magical energies of the astral world gathering around you. The magical energies envelop you. Suddenly, you feel as though you are wearing the magical energies like an invisible astral cloak. As you move deeper into the interior of the eternal temple, the magical energies around you are growing stronger and stronger. The magical energies are instilling life and power into the eternal temple. Each part of the temple you pass through is now glowing with intense magical energy. Each part of the temple you pass through is now vibrating and humming with power. You move into the center of the eternal temple. Here you stop and wait. You can feel that the cloak of magical energy around you is now growing longer. Its magical fabric is flowing and spreading through every part of the Eternal Temple. The entire Temple is now glowing with its magic and vibrating with its power. The Eternal Temple has become the most enchanting and mystical place you have ever seen or experienced. You now move toward the antenna of the Eternal Temple. The cloak of magical energies flows along with you. As you approach the antenna, you feel an immense wave of magical energy building in the astral world just beyond the protective barriers of the Twin Circles. The wave of energy is being drawn and gathered by the increasing power and magic of the Eternal Temple. As you reach the antenna of the Eternal Temple, you can feel that the flowing energies of the magical cloak are growing even longer. The long flowing ends of the cloak begin to wrap themselves around the base of the antenna. You can see and feel the magical energies of the cloak charging the antenna and bringing it to life. The wave of magical energy outside of the twin circles is growing stronger and more intense, building into a churning storm of astral power and magic. As the strength of the astral storm grows, the antenna of the eternal temple begins to hum and pulse with energy. You open your arms and extend them toward the astral storm. You open yourself completely to its power. power. Your openness dramatically increases both the energy and the strength of the astral storm. Flashes of magical lightning begin to appear deep within the clouds of the energy storm. Bolts of magical lightning begin to bombard the outer walls of the twin circles. The walls of the twin circles are now heavily charged with magical astral energy. Waves of astral energy begin to pulse and flow along the inner walls. walls. Finger-like streams of magical electricity suddenly fill the inside of the circles like a gigantic plasma ball. The streams of magical electricity are being drawn toward the antenna of the Eternal Temple like iron filings toward a magnet. A stream of magical electricity hits the antenna, and and its powerful current flows up and down along the antenna's surface. The antenna of the Eternal Temple has been empowered. It is now fully activated. You must now return to the Shadow Realm and empower the Hidden Temple. Return to the Portal of the Mirror now, but do not pass through it just yet. At the portal of the mirror you can feel the powerful magical energies of the eternal temple building all around you. When you look beyond the portal of the mirror you can see your shade self waiting in the shadow realm on the other side. You are still wearing the invisible cloak of magical energy. energy. You can feel the long flowing fabric of the cloak extending throughout the Eternal Temple. You feel a sudden rush of power as the magical electricity being collected by the antenna of the Eternal Temple begins flowing to you through the cloak. The magical electricity The electricity flowing through the cloak is concentrating and building around the astral side of the mirror frame. The purpose of the Eternal Temple, to gather magical energies from the astral plane, has been fulfilled. It has been established as the third point on the pentagram of power. It is now time for you to return your consciousness to your Shade Self in the Shadow Realm and empower the Hidden Temple. temple. Your spirit will remain in the eternal temple by the portal of the mirror until it is time to transfer the astral energies into the shadow realm. You look beyond the portal of the mirror and directly into the eyes of your shade self in the shadow realm. You feel that your consciousness is now passing through the portal of the mirror, leaving leaving your spirit behind and entering into the eyes of your Shade Self. As you enter into the eyes of your Shade Self, you feel as though your spirit and your consciousness are separating. You can feel your spirit in the astral world, but your thoughts and awareness are now entering into the mind of your shade self in the shadow realm. Your consciousness begins to travel deep into the recesses of your mind. It is moving closer and closer to the hidden temple. temple. Your consciousness moves deeper and deeper into your mind until you can clearly see the hidden temple before you. Your consciousness is now moving inside the hidden temple. You are now inside the hidden temple of the mind. The hidden temple is a secret and mysterious place. Only you know the true shape and form of the hidden temple. If you have created a subliminal film for your subconscious mind, ready the movie theater of the hidden temple and begin to screen the film. It is now time to empower the hidden temple and establish it as the fourth point on the pentagram of power. You hear yourself softly saying the word will in your mind, and as you do, you can feel a small pulse of power pervade the hidden temple like a faint heartbeat. You hear yourself saying the word, intent, a little louder in your mind, and as you do, you can feel an even stronger pulse of power moving through the hidden temple. You hear yourself saying the word, focus, even louder in your mind, and as you do, you you feel the hidden temple beginning to come to life. You hear yourself repeating the words, will, intent, and focus, over and over again in your mind. Each time these three words are repeated, they grow stronger, louder, and more purposeful. The hidden temple is now quickly becoming empowered by the strength and intensity of these words. Will. Intent. Focus. Over and over, louder and louder, stronger and stronger, they resound and echo in the hidden temple of your mind. The hidden temple is quickly reaching the height of its power. Will You can feel your spirit in the eternal temple and the powerful astral energies all around it. Intense You can feel the magical energies flowing through the invisible cloak and growing more and more powerful. The long flowing ends of the cloak begin reaching toward the portal of the mirror frame like long fluid fingers of invisible energy. The ends of the cloak enter into the portal of the mirror and are whipping about as if caught up in a mighty storm. You feel the energies of the Eternal Temple swelling behind your spirit in an immense wave of astral power and magic. Focus. The cloak is drawn through the portal of the mirror, and your spirit is pulled through with it. Will. Your spirit enters into the body of your shade self, and the cloak of energy wraps itself around you. Intent. The energies of the cloak are attracting the growing wave of astral power and magic in the Eternal Temple. The wave of astral power and magic crests in the Eternal Temple and washes through the portal of the mirror in a flood of energy. The flood of astral energy washes all around you and begins to encircle you like a flowing river of power and magic. The flowing river of power and magic rises up like a water spout and spins around you. you. Focus. The spinning water spout of energy fills with magical electricity and boils over into your spirit. Will. Your spirit is filled with the powerful magical electricity of the eternal temple. Intense. You feel your entire being calling out to your shadow spirit. You see the union in your mind. Focus. You compress the magical electricity that is being conducted into your spirit into a ball of power inside you. You will make contact with your shadow spirit. You know this without question. You feel the power in yourself and in the spirit temples. You feel the pentagram of power forming around you. You stand fearlessly at the center of these powers. You focus the sum of your will and intent on the ball of energy compressed within you. You will the ball of energy to rise up and out of you. Using your magical hands, you hold the ball in the air above you. You feel the anchoring energies of the living temple. You feel the power in the shadow realm. Focus. You feel the magical energies of the Eternal Temple. Will. You feel the commanding energies of the Hidden Temple. Intent. You feel the first four points of the Pentagram of Power connect together. Focus. You release your hold on the ball of compressed energy, and the ball flies through the portal of the mirror. The ball of energy strikes the antenna of the Eternal Temple and countless rays of astral light and energy are beamed deep into the astral world. An astral beacon has been created and empowered. The call to your shadow spirit has been made. Relax your spirit and empty your mind Open yourself to first contact Open yourself to the becoming Open yourself to the avatar Open yourself to your other Open yourself to your shadow spirit As you would your arms to someone you love With all of your heart © transcript Emily Beynon First contact with your shadow spirit has now been made. Your shadow spirit has responded to your call. A new world of possibilities has opened up before you, and very soon you will be taking your first steps onto the path that leads into this new world. But this new path will have to wait for you a while longer. You have done much work this day, and you need time to rest and to reflect upon your experiences experiences before you begin your new adventures. Only you can know how and where your Other has made first contact and if it has revealed its true form to you. Only you can know if your Shadow Spirit is at your side. The time has come for you to power down the Spirit Temples and return to your earthly existence. As you go about the process of powering down the Spirit Temples, be observant of everything around you. Look for any signs that your shadow spirit may have left for you to discover. Take note of how the shadow realm and the spirit temples look and feel. They may look and feel very different than they did before. This day will forever be recorded in your memory and branded upon your spirit as the day that you met your true magical self. You must now power down the spirit temples and return to the waking world. You are now moving into the hidden temple of the mind. The movie screen of the hidden temple flickers and fades to black. The will, intent and focus of the hidden temple are still present, but they are now only an afterthought. The work has been done, the goal has been achieved and realized. You acknowledge this fact, and your consciousness is now moving away from the hidden temple of the mind. As you move further and further away from the hidden temple, you can feel the temple The hidden temple becoming dormant and still. The hidden temple is now silent and empty. It will remain this way until you return to awaken it once again. You are now moving deep within your own spirit. Your spirit tingles with the intense energies of the eternal temple. The invisible cloak of magical energy is still wrapped around your spirit. You feel the cloak gently lifting your spirit into the air, and you are now floating towards the portal of the mirror. You pass through the portal of the mirror and enter into the eternal temple of the astral world. You are now moving toward the antenna of the Eternal Temple. As you reach the antenna of the Eternal Temple, you can feel the invisible cloak of energy lifting away from your spirit and rising up toward the beaming ball of energy at the top of the antenna. The cloak blankets the ball of energy, and the rays of light beaming from the ball become muted and vague. The light softens to a faint glow, then disappears completely. The ball of energy will remain dormant at the top of the antenna of the Eternal Temple until you are in need of it once again. You are now moving away from the antenna of the Eternal Temple toward the portal of the mirror. As you move through the Eternal Temple, it grows silent and still behind you. The magical energies of the Eternal Temple will sleep until you return and awaken them. As you reach the portal of the mirror, the last of the magical energies of the Eternal Temple grow quiet and begin to slumber. number. It almost feels as if the temple itself were somehow dreaming. You pass beyond the portal of the mirror and enter into the shadow realm. As you return to the shadow realm, realm, you are greeted by a gently blowing ethereal wind. The unspoken voice of magic itself seems to loft and swirl around you. Your entire domain seems to be speaking to you with this magical voice. The shadow realm has been changed forever. You have been changed forever. You look down at the circle of white marble at your feet, and you see that a large pentagram of black onyx has been inlaid into its surface. The soul sword is embedded in the exact center of the pentagram. The smooth black pentagram shines with the mystical twilight of your world. You sit down next to the soul sword in the middle of the pentagram, and you wrap your hand around its hilt. You can feel the dormant magic of the spirit temples sleeping deep within the pentagram's shiny black surface The sleeping magic relaxes you and you can feel your mind and your spirit beginning to drift drift. You feel yourself gently rising up and floating away from the shadow realm. You are returning to the waking world. Higher and higher you float. Further and further you drift away from your domain. As you near the border between the Shadow Realm and the Waking World, without expectation you look down for one last glimpse of your domain. You see the twin circles of power slowly spinning in opposite directions, protecting the center center of the Shadow Realm. You see the shimmering pools of the sun and of the moon being watched over by the statues of the Goddess and the God. You see the sleeping griffon encased within a bed of stone atop the great mirror of promise and magic. The Shadow Realm is growing distant and vague. You are crossing over the borders of your domain. You are returning to your earthly reality in the waking world. You open your eyes to your earthly existence. You are not alone. Thank you.
