We will begin this exercise with the 3-to-1 method. Find a comfortable position. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. And while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number 3, three times. To help you relax physically at level 3, I'm going to direct your attention to different parts of your body. Relax your scalp. Relax your forehead. head. Relax your eyes and the tissue surrounding your eyes. give yourself a slight smile and relax the muscles of your face relax your throat Relax your shoulders, arms and hands. ends. Take a deep breath and while exhaling relax your chest externally and internally. Take another deep breath, and while exhaling, mentally relax your abdominal area, externally and internally. Relax your thighs. Relax your knees. knees. Relax your calves. Relax your feet. you are now at a deeper healthier level of mind deeper than before this is your physical relaxation level three whenever you mentally repeat and visualize the number three your body will relax as completely as you are now and more so every time you practice to enter mental relaxation level to take a deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize the number two three times and you are at level two a deeper level than and 3. Level 2 is for mental relaxation, where noises will not distract you. Instead, noises will help you to relax mentally more and more. To improve mental relaxation at level two practice visualizing tranquil and passive scenes do that now take another deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize number one, three times. You are now at level one, a deeper, healthier level of mind. To help you enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, I'm going to count from 10 to 1 on each descending number you will feel yourself going deeper and you will enter a deeper healthier level of mind 10 9 feel going going deeper, 8, 7, 6, deeper and deeper, 5, 4, 3, deeper and deeper, 2, 1, you are now at a deeper healthier level of mind deeper than before it is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed a very healthy state of being effective sensory projection statements for success I am now able to attune my intelligence by developing my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any point place level or depth so as to be aware of any actions taking place i am able to function in non-locality regarding time and space I am aware that intelligence can exist at all levels and depths in the universe and therefore I can attune to all information I am now able to use my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any matter kingdom, mineral, plant, animal and human if this is what I desire to do. I am now able to detect abnormalities whenever such abnormalities exist within any kingdom, any level and any depth. I am now able to apply corrective measures and to bring back to normalcy any abnormality found within any kingdom any level and any depth Quantum energy is available at any level to be acted upon to create through the subjective and objective dimensions we will now program effective sensory projection for your success we will program information through the use of mental projection we will establish subjective points of reference at the imaginative dimension the subjective dimension at different levels and depths in a moment i'm going to count from one to three and cause a sound with my fingers at that time you will imagine yourself to be standing about 30 feet in front of your home you will study the outer appearance of your home scanning the scene you will start at the top left of the scene and go from left to right just as you do when reading a page of a book. You will then go to the left side of the scene again but a little lower than before and again go from left to right. You will continue going a little lower each time until you reach the ground level. I will now count from one to three and cause a sound with my fingers so that you may imagine projecting yourself to the front of your home one two three project yourself mentally to the front of your home standing about 30 feet from it begin scanning the scene at the upper left hand corner going slowly from left to right lower and lower each time until you reach the ground level you will go slowly and stop to study anything that attracts your intelligence while scanning such as the roof windows window frames doors study Study anything that attracts you. At any given moment, should something attract your attention, you may experience yourself as that object, point, or place. Begin by studying the roof of your home. What material is it made of? what color is it experience yourself ask the roof continue studying everything that attracts you until you reach the ground level concentrate on colors take your time study colors Take your time. study colors Take your time. Concentrate on colors. Scan the ground level. Now focus your attention on the front door and concentrate on the doorknob or handle. Mentally move close to the door. Close enough to touch the door handle. expect the door to appear to increase in size as you get closer mentally touch the doorknob or handle open the door mentally enter your home closing the door behind you mentally walk toward your living room once you have entered your living room stand at the center facing the south wall you have been here before you have been here during daylight hours you have been here during nighttime with the lights turned on and the lights turned off I'm going to count from 1 to 3 at the count of 3 it will be daytime 1 2 3 it is now daytime you are standing at the center of your living room facing the south wall you have been here before you know how much light enters this room you know how much light enters this room during the day and you recognize what is in front of you what is behind you you You know what is to your left and what is to your right. At the count of three, we will change the scene to nighttime with the house lights turned on. One, two, three. The scene has changed to nighttime, and you are still standing in the middle of the living room facing the south wall. you have been here before and you know what is in front of you what is behind you what is to your left and what is to your right at the count of three the lights will go out one two three the lights are out and you are standing in darkness facing the south wall although the living room looks dark you still know what's in front of you what is behind you what is to your left and what is to your right at this time concentrate on the wall before you the south wall you can sense it being a certain distance away and you know what is on this wall you also know the color of this wall use your memory your knowing your sensing to make a study of the south wall scan this wall as you did the front of your home begin by scanning the upper left corner and going from left to right a little lower each time until you reach the floor level study everything that attracts you experience yourself as anything that attracts you pictures curtains and furniture especially concentrate on objects that contain color. Take your time. Take your time. Study colors. Take your time. Concentrate on colors. Take your time. now mentally walk toward the south wall and stand close enough to touch it at the count of three you will objectively raise your hand to touch the south wall one two three objectively stretch out your arm raise your hand and with the palm of your hand touch the wall use your imagination to sense the wall as being smooth or rough as cool, or warm. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, you will imagine projecting yourself subjectively within the wall. One, two, three. You are now within the wall. You may return your hand to rest on your lap. At this time, we will conduct four tests subjectively. First we will test for light, intensity and color. Our second test is for temperature. The third test is for odor. and the fourth for solidity of material by reflected sound at the count of three we will test for light its intensity in color one two three subjectively test for light intensity in color how much light do you sense what color do you sense whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three test for temperature one two three subjectively test for temperature is there a difference in temperature between the inside and the outside side of the wall whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three test Test for odor. One, two, three. Test for odor. Is there a difference in odor between the inside and the outside of the wall? Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three tests for solidity of material by knocking on the inside of the wall one two three objectively form a fist and knock on the inside of the wall objectively go through the motions as you do when you knock on a door what kind of sound would you expect to hear reflected back to you how solid would you judge the material to be whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three you will come out of the wall and be just a few inches away from it one two three you are now out of the wall just a few inches away now at the count of three you will be at arm's length one two three you are now at arm's length sense the distance at the count of three you will be at the center of your living room facing the south wall one two You are now at the center of your living room, facing the south wall. You know the color of your living room wall. At the count of three, the color of the wall will change to black. One, two, three. The color of the wall is now black. you can get a true black color by imagining a painter with a can of paint and the brush in his hand painting the wall black and about to finish painting it the south wall is now all black at the count of three it will be red one two three it is now red to get a true red color again imagine the painter about to finish painting it red at the count of three the wall will be green one two three the wall is now green imagine it green at the count of three the wall will be blue one two three the wall is now blue imagine it blue at the count of three the wall will be violet one two three the wall is now violet imagine it violet we will change the color back to blue back to green back to red and back to black. We will now mentally examine a chair, selecting any chair we wish. Mentally, push it against the black wall. From your position in the center of the living room, facing the south wall mentally lift the chair about 20 degrees above the horizontal plane of sight in the area of your mental screen we will examine the chair studying its material the upholstery if it is upholstered and how it is attached to the chair and the color of the chair concentrate on colors now mentally turn the chair toward the left now away from you now toward the right now facing you whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of of reference in the future at the count of three the color of the wall will change to its actual color one two three the wall is now its actual color again study the chair how does it stand out against this background whatever you perceive with your imagination you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three the color of the wall will change to red one two three the wall is now red study the chair how does it stand out against a red background whatever you perceive with your imagination you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three the color of the wall will change to green one two three the wall is now green study the chair how How does it stand out against a green background? Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, the color of the wall will change to blue. One, two, three. The wall is now blue. study the chair how does it stand out against a blue background whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future the color of the wall will now change back to green back to red back to the natural color back to black at the count of three the chair will disappear from the scene one two three the chair has disappeared from the scene the wall is now black at the count of three we will mentally bring into the scene a watermelon it will be up against the wall at the height where we had the chair one two three study this watermelon use your knowing your memory your sensing above all use your imagination to study the watermelon observe how the green stands out against the black background at the count of three the watermelon will be cut in half one two three the watermelon is now cut in half and you can visualize how the red portion of the watermelon lined with black seeds stands out against the white inner rind and the green of the outside as you mentally bring the two halves closely toward you notice how they appear to increase in size examine the various colors the red the white the black and the green from only a few inches away now imagine the odor and the taste of watermelon Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, the watermelon will be near the wall, one, two, three. the watermelon is now near the wall at the count of three the two halves will come together one two three now at the count of three the watermelon will disappear from the scene 1 2 3 the watermelon has disappeared from the scene at the count of 3 a lemon will appear at the same level near the wall 1 2 3 a lemon appears in a fluorescent yellow yellow color that stands out against the black wall. Bring the lemon closer to you noticing how it appears to increase in size as it approaches. stop the approaching lemon when it's only a few inches away and examine its color now imagine the odor and taste of a lemon whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three the lemon will be near the wall one two three the lemon is now near the wall a little higher than the horizontal level of sight at the count of three the lemon will disappear from the scene one two three The lemon has disappeared from the scene. At the count of three, an orange will appear. One, two, three. An orange has appeared on the scene. Observe the color at a distance. Now bring the orange closer. Again, observe the color. Now imagine the odor and taste of an orange. How is it different than a lemon and a watermelon? Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. at the count of three the orange will be near the wall one two three the orange is now near the wall at the count of three the orange will disappear from the scene one two three the orange has disappeared from the scene at the count of three three bananas will appear one two three three bananas have appeared study the color from far and near Now, imagine the odor and taste of bananas. How is the odor and taste of bananas different than that of the orange, the lemon, and the watermelon? melon. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three the bananas will be near the wall one two three now at the count of three the bananas will disappear from the scene one two three the bananas have disappeared from the scene at the count of three three carrots will appear one two three three carrots have appeared study the color from far and near now imagine the odor and taste of carrots How are the carrots different compared to the bananas, the orange, the lemon and the watermelon? Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. at the count of three the carrots will be near the wall one two three now at the count of three the carrots will disappear from the scene one two three the carrots have disappeared from the scene at the count of three a fresh and crisp head of lettuce will appear one two three a head of lettuce has appeared study the color from far now bring it closer and study the color from a distance of about 12 inches whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three the head of lettuce will be near the wall one two three now at the count of three the head of lettuce will disappear from the scene one two three the head of lettuce has disappeared from the scene whatever you perceive with your imagination you can use as points of reference in the future it is now an accomplished fact that subjective points of reference have been established at the imaginative dimension at the subjective dimension at different levels and different depths to function at these levels and to use these points of reference all you need is to have a sincere desire to solve problems your mind will automatically seek out these points of reference that you can use in problem-solving every time you function at these levels of the mind and at these points of reference you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally you may use these levels of the mind in these points of reference to help yourself to help your loved ones and to help any human being who needs help physically and mentally you will always use these levels of the mind in these points of reference in a constructive creative manner for all that is good honest pure clean and positive and this is so you will continue to strive to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in so that when you move on you shall have left behind a better world for those who follow you You will consider the whole of humanity, depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being. You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. In a moment, I'm going to count from one to five and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. 1, 2, coming out slowly now, 3. At the count of 5, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. Four, four, five. Eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. To guarantee success with your Silva techniques, we recommend that you take the Silva seminars live. For more information over course schedules and locations, log on to silvamethod.com or call 1-800-545-6463 within the continental United States or 956-722-6391.
