We will start this exercise with a 3-2-1 method. Find a comfortable position. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. And while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number 3 three times. To help you learn to relax physically at level 3, I'm going to direct your attention to different parts of your body relax your scalp relax your forehead relax your eyes and the tissue surrounding your eyes with a slight smile relax your face and the muscles in your face relax your throat, externally and internally. Relax your shoulders, arms and hands. hands. Take a deep breath and while exhaling relax your chest externally and internally. internally. Take another deep breath and while exhaling relax your abdominal area externally and internally. Relax your thighs. Relax your knees. relax your calves relax your feet you are now at a deeper healthier level of mind deeper than than before. This is your physical relaxation level 3. Whenever you mentally repeat and visualize the number 3, your body will relax as completely as you are now and more so every time you practice. To enter mental relaxation level 2, take a deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat Repeat and visualize the number 2 three times. You are now at level 2. Level 2 is for mental relaxation where noises will not distract you. Instead, noises will help you to relax mentally more and more. to improve mental relaxation at level 2 visualize tranquil and passive scenes do that now take another deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize the number one three times you are now at level one a deeper healthier level of mind, deeper than before. To help you enter a deeper, healthier level of mind, I'm going to count from 10 to 1. On each descending number, you will feel yourself going deeper, and you will enter a deeper healthier level of mind 10 9 feel going deeper 8 7 6 deeper and deeper five four three deeper and deeper two one you are now at a deeper healthier level of mind deeper than before it is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed a a very healthy state of being. From now on, I will occasionally be speaking in your place. Effective sensory projection statements for success. I am now able to attune my intelligence by developing my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any point, place level or depth so as to be aware of any actions taking place I am able to function in non locality regarding time and space I am aware that intelligence exists at all levels and depths in the universe and therefore I can attune to to all information. I am now able to use my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any matter kingdom, mineral, plant, animal, and human if this is what I desire to do. I am now able to detect abnormalities whenever such abnormalities exist within any kingdom any level any depth I am now able to apply corrective measures and to bring back to normalcy any abnormality found within any kingdom any level and any depth quantum energy is available at any level to be acted upon to create through the subjective and objective dimensions we will now continue programming effective sensory projection for your success and program information with the use of mental projection for your benefit it we will establish subjective points of reference by projecting into the animate matter kingdom with reproductive intelligence into the plant life kingdom becoming aware of different levels and different depths now at the count of three you will mentally project yourself to your living room. One, two, three. Mentally project yourself to the center of your living room facing the south wall. You are now at the center of your living room facing the south wall. We will now replay the objective impressions of the leaves and also establish subjective points of reference at the count of three we will visualize the first leaf one two three extend your arm objectively and visualize the first leaf leaf. Mentally sense the leaf. Bring it closer and closer to your forehead. Now touch your forehead and mentally project yourself into the leaf. You are now within the first leaf. You may return your hand to rest on your lap. At the count of three, test for light, intensity, and color. One, two, three. Sense the intensity and color of light within the leaf. how does light within the leaf compare with the light within object number one object number two and object number three Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, test for temperature, one, two, three. 3. Sense the temperature within leaf number 1. How does this compare with the temperature of object number 1, object number 2, and object number 3? Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, test for odour, one, two, three. Sense the odor within the leaf. How does this compare with the odor of object number one, object number two, and object Object number three, whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, test for solidity of material, one, two, three, objectively form a fist and knock on the inside of the leaf. How does this reflected sound compare with the reflected sound of object number one, object number two, and object number three? Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three touch your forehead to come out of leaf number one one two three touch your forehead you are now coming out of the leaf extend your arm and mentally hold the leaf at arm's length. Now allow the leaf to float in space using the south wall of your living room as a background. Keep the leaf rotating. You may return your hand to rest on your lap. At the count of three the color of the wall will change to red 1 2 3 how does the leaf stand out against a red background how does this compare with object number one object number two and object number three keep the leaf rotating. At the count of three the color of the wall will change to green. One, two, three. How does a leaf stand out against a green background? And how How does this compare with object number one, object number two, and object number three? Keep the leaf rotating. At the count of three, the color of the wall will change to blue. One, two, three. How does the leaf stand out against a blue background? How does this compare with object number one, object number two, and object number three? Keep the leaf rotating. The color of the wall will now change back to green, back to red, back to the actual color of the wall now the first leaf will disappear from the scene the first leaf has disappeared from the scene at the count of three we will visualize the second leaf one two three extend your arm objectively and visualize the second leaf. Mentally sense this leaf as you bring it closer and closer toward your forehead. Now touch your forehead and mentally project yourself into the leaf. You are now within leaf number two. You may return your hand to rest on your lap at the count of three test for light intensity and color one two three sense the intensity and color of light within the second leaf how does the light within this leaf compare with the light within the first leaf whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three test for temperature one two three 3. Sense the temperature within this leaf. How does it compare with the temperature within the first leaf? Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. at the count of three test for odor one two three sense the odor within this same leaf how does this compare with the odor of the other leaf whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three tests for solidity of material one two three 3. Objectively form a fist and knock on the inside of the second leaf. How does this sound compare with the sound of the first leaf? whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three touch your forehead and come out of the leaf one two three touch your forehead you are now coming out of the leaf extend your arm and mentally hold the leaf at arm's length allowing it to float in space against the background of your south wall keep the leaf rotating you You may return your hand to rest on your lap. At the count of three, the color of the wall will change to red. One, two, three. How does the leaf stand out against a red background? How does this compare with the first leaf? Keep the second leaf rotating. at the count of three the color of the wall will change to green one two three how does the leaf stand out against a green background how does this compare with the first leaf keep the second leaf rotating at the count of three the color of the wall will change to blue one two three how does the leaf stand out against a blue background. How does this compare with the first leaf? Keep the second leaf rotating. The color of the wall will now change back to green, back back to red, back to the actual color of the wall. The second leaf will now disappear from the scene. The second leaf has now disappeared. We will continue programming effective sensory projection for your success and to continue programming information with the use of mental projection for your benefit. We will establish subjective points of reference in the animate matter kingdom with reproductive intelligence, the animal life kingdom, at different levels and depths. At the count of three, mentally project your pet to the same level where you had the chair and the leaves. one two three your pet is facing you notice how your pet stands out against the natural color of the wall at the count of three the wall will turn black one two three notice how your pet stands out against the black screen mentally Turn your pet to the left. Turn the pet away from you. Turn the pet to the right. Place the pet facing you. At the count of three, the color of the screen will change to red, one, two, three. 3. The screen is now red. Study your pet. How does a pet stand out against a red background? At the count of 3, the color of the screen will change to green. 1, 2, 3. Study the pet against a green background. at the count of three the color of the screen will change to blue one two three now study the pet against the blue background whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the the future. The color of your mental screen will now change back to green, back to red, back to black. Now mentally bring your pet closer, close enough to touch, noticing how how the pet appears to become bigger as it gets closer. Now objectively extend your arms and hold the pet by the head, one hand on each side. Steady the head from several angles from this outer point of view. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future Observe the eyes the nose the ears the fur or outer covering Focus your attention on the pet's forehead head at the count of three we will mentally enter the bone structure level of this kingdom one two three we are now at the bone structure level desire to perceive and imagine a bone or bones bring back a memory when you have seen a skull study the pet skull from several angles Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. Focus your attention on the pet's forehead and at the count of three we will enter the brain cell level. One, two, three. Desire to perceive and imagine brain cells or brain matter. Bring back a memory when you have seen a brain in a picture or or a chart. Study the brain from several angles. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, we will go back to the bone structure level. One, two, three. now at the count of three we will again be at the outer level of this kingdom one two three we are now at the outer level of this kingdom again observe the eyes the nose the ears the fur or outer covering now mentally move the pet a little higher and hold it by the rib cage. Objectively place one hand on either side of the rib cage. Now focus your attention on the center of the pet's chest. At the count of three we will enter the bone structure level. One, two, two, three. Desire to perceive and imagine the ribs of your pet. Now the spinal column. Study the complete skeletal body. You can raise or lower the skeleton to any position or angle and it will remain in that position or angle. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. Again, focus your attention on the chest area. At the count of three, we will enter the heart tissue level, one, two, three. 3. Desire to perceive and imagine a heart. Bring back a memory when you have seen a heart. Study the heart from several angles. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. Again, focus your attention on the heart. At the count of three, we will sense the heart transparent. One, two, three. Bring back a memory of having seen a picture of a transparent heart. Imagine what it would look like. imagine how it would function whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three we will enter the lung tissue level one two three desire to perceive and imagine two lungs bring back a memory when you have seen pictures of lungs. Study the lungs of this pet from several angles. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three we will enter the kidney tissue level 1, 2, 3. Desire to perceive and imagine two kidneys. Bring back a memory of having having seen kidneys, such as in anatomy book pictures. Study your pet's kidneys from several angles. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. at the count of three we will enter the liver tissue level one two three desire to perceive and imagine a liver study your pets liver from several angles whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three we will go back to the kidney level one two three Three. Now back to the lung level. Now back to the heart level. Now back to the skeletal level. Now to the outer level of this dimension. Now mentally place your pet against the wall in the area of your mental screen. Now mentally turn your pet to your left. Now turn it away from you. Now to your right Now towards you Change the color of the screen to red Change the color of the screen to green Now change the color to blue. We will now change the color of the screen back to green, back to red, back to black. Now imagine your pet in perfect health. Now cause your pet to disappear from the scene. Your pet has now disappeared from the scene. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as points of reference in the future. It is now an accomplished fact that subjective points of reference have been established at different levels and depths of the animate matter kingdom with reproductive intelligence, the plant life kingdom, and the animal life kingdom. To function at these levels and to use these points of reference, all you need is a sincere desire to solve problems. Your mind will automatically seek out these points of reference where you will perceive and become aware of information that you can use to solve such problems, and this is so. Every time you function at these levels of the mind and at these points of reference, you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally. You may use these levels of the mind and these points of reference to help yourself, to help your loved ones, and to help any human being who needs help physically and mentally. You will always use these levels of the mind and these points of reference in a constructive, creative manner for all that is good, honest, pure, clean, and positive. And this is so. You will continue to strive to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in, so that when you move on, you shall have left behind a better world for those who follow. You will consider the whole of humanity, depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being. You have greater understanding. compassion, and patience with others. In a moment, I'm going to count from one to five and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. One, two, coming out slowly now. 3. At the count of 5, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before, feeling the way you feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing, refreshing, relaxing, healthy sleep. 4. 5. Eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in in perfect health, feeling better than before. To guarantee success with your Silva techniques, we recommend that you take the Silva seminars live. For more information over course schedules and locations, log on to silvamethod.com or call 1-800-545-6463 within the continental United States or 956-722-6391. Thank you.
