find a comfortable position close your eyes and enter your level by yourself using the three-to-one method followed by a ten to one countdown I will then come in after that with some positive statements and affirmations take your time Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Relax. Take a deep breath and as you exhale relax and go deeper. You will continue to listen to my voice. you will continue to follow the instructions at this level of the mind or any other level including the outer conscious level this is for your benefit you desire it and it is so the difference between genius mentality and lay mentality is that geniuses use more of their their minds and use them in a special manner. You are now learning to use more of your mind and to use it in a special manner. The following are beneficial statements that you may occasionally repeat while at these levels of the mind. repeat mentally after me my increasing mental faculties are for serving humanity better every day in every way I am getting better better and better Positive thoughts, suggestions and images bring me benefits and advantages I desire. I have full control and complete dominion over my sensing faculties at all levels of the mind. I will always maintain a perfectly healthy body, mind and immune system Take a deep breath, relax and go deeper and continue to breathe deeply, slowly and rhythmically throughout the entire exercise. exercise. Now mentally focus on one of your hands as your palms rest on your lap. Move move your awareness closer and closer to your hand and imagine the hand getting larger and larger as you move closer observe the skin covering your hand from close up Imagine the tiny hairs growing out from that part of your hand. Get closer and closer and focus your attention on one cell of your hand. and imagine what shape does it have. Move closer and closer and enter the cell itself. What do you imagine inside the cell of your hand? Hold a nucleus in your hands. What do you sense? Make the nucleus larger and go within the nucleus. Whatever you sense with your imagination you can use as a point of reference in the future. Now imagine the strands of chromosomes of that cell within the nucleus. Continue to go closer and closer to the DNA molecules that make up this very tiny expression of you. you. Closer and deeper, you can see that the molecule is comprised of atoms. Moving closer to an atom, notice the electrons that are encircling the nucleus of the atom. And as you move closer, notice the subatomic particles of the atom. And now notice the energy that makes up the atom begins to expand around you, becoming larger and larger so that you find yourself in a seemingly infinite space at this dimension you exist as a part of a vast and complex system it is a part part of you, and you are part of it. Now begin to come back, sensing the electrons, the atoms, now the atoms forming together to make molecules. molecules. Moving back to the molecules forming the chromosomes in the nucleus. Now with your imagination, move away from the nucleus, farther and farther out, and now observe the cell once again continue to move farther and farther out and observe the tiny hairs on your hand and now your entire hand continue moving farther and farther out and observe yourself from above farther and farther out and observe the entire room move your awareness farther out to observe the building you are in Continue going farther and farther out and now observe the city you live in Trees, nearby buildings and roads, highways Are there any landmarks or special features? Continue moving farther and farther out and observe the state you live in. And now the country And now the continent You can observe the curvature of the planet Continue moving farther out and observe your your planet completely. Continue moving farther out and now observe your solar system completely. Imagine the solar system getting smaller and smaller until you can see our star, the Sun, as one of hundreds of billions of stars in our galaxy as if stars were the atoms that make larger molecules the billions of galaxies as if perhaps our own solar system is a tiny subatomic particle in the body of the universe As you hold in your consciousness all of these different levels, it can be useful to remember that we do exist on all these levels. From this perspective, notice how you are one with everything that is and there is greatness in your existence. Now slowly begin your journey back. back. You can observe our solar system from a distance. The planets. Closer and closer now. You can observe our beautiful planet Earth. Move closer and closer. And notice What is the continent you live in, the country you live in, the state, the city, the building building you are in, the room you are in, and now be one with yourself once again. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as points of reference in the future. It is now a fact that subjective points of reference have been established. To function at these levels and to use these points of reference, all you need is a sincere desire to solve problems. your mind will automatically seek out these points of reference where you will perceive and to become aware of information you can use to solve such problems and this is so think back on your experience going from the microcosm to the macrocosm and think of where you are in the whole scheme of things as you grow and are challenged with life's ups and downs know that there are answers to all your problems in the universe all you need to do is seek them every time you function at these levels of the mind you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally you may use these levels of the mind to help yourself physically and mentally you may use these levels of the mind to help your loved ones physically and mentally you may use these levels of the mind to help any human being who needs help physically and mentally you will always use these levels of the mind in a constructive creative manner for all that is good honest pure clean and positive and this is so you will continue to strive to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in so that when you move on you You shall have left behind a better world for those who follow. You will consider the whole of humanity, depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being. You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. In a moment, I'm going to count from 1 to 5 and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. Vision, eyesight and hearing improve every time you function at these levels of the mind. 1, 2, coming out slowly now, 3, at the count of 5, you will open your eyes, be wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before, feeling the way you feel Feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing, refreshing, relaxing, healthy sleep. 4, 5, eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before.
