We will start this exercise with the 3-to-1 method. Find a comfortable position. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. And while exhaling, mentally repeat and visualize the number 3 three times and relax your body completely. take another deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize the number two three times and relax your mind by thinking of tranquil and and passive scenes. Take another deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize the number one three times you are now at level one a deeper healthier level of mind to help you enter a deeper healthier level of mind I'm going to count from ten to one on each descending number you will feel yourself going deeper and you will enter a deeper healthier level of mind 10 9 feel going deeper 8 7 6 deeper and deeper 5 4 3 deeper and and deeper, two, one. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind, deeper than before. It is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed, a very healthy state of being. We will now program effective sensory projection for your success. We will establish subjective points of reference at the animate matter kingdom with reproductive intelligence and an awareness of existence. That is, we will program points of reference in the human body and mind kingdom at its different levels and different depths as we study the human anatomy from a psychic point of view. At this time bring to mind a relative, a friend, or a person whose face you can remember with the least effort. We will refer to this person as the subject. Now I am going to count from 10 to 1 so that you can attune yourself subjectively to this subject. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. one now recall the subject's face at the count of three you will project the subject onto your mental screen one two three the subject is now on your mental screen Now mentally move the subject away from the mental screen so that the screen can be used as the background. The color of the screen is black. Now mentally turn the subjects body so its left side is toward you. Now turn the subjects back toward you now turn the subjects right side toward you now turn the subject to be facing you notice how the body of the subject stands out against a black screen. The screen will now change to red. The screen is now red. Notice how your subject stands out against the red screen. The screen will now change to green the screen is now green notice how your subject stands out against a green screen the screen will now change to blue the screen is now blue notice how your subject stands out against a blue screen. The color of the screen will now change back to green, back to red, now back to black. At the count of three you You will mentally bring your subject close enough to touch. 1, 2, 3. The subject is now close enough to touch. At the count of 3, you will objectively extend your arms and place your hands, one on each side of the head. 1, 2, 3. Objectively, place your hands, one on each side of the subject's head, your right hand over the left ear, and your left hand over the subject's right ear. Now study your subject's face, the facial features, the hair, eyes, eyebrows, nose, nose, cheeks, the character of the face. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. Now concentrate on your subject's forehead, and at the count of three, we will enter the bone structure level within the human kingdom. them one two three desire to detect through visualization or imagination bone bring back a memory of bone its shape color and appearance now concentrate on the skull of your subject and study it from several angles from the left from the back and from the right whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future now again concentrate your attention on your subjects forehead area and at the count of three we will enter the brain structure level one two three 3. Desire to detect, through visualization or imagination, a brain. Recall your previous experience of how a brain looks. Perhaps you have seen pictures of a brain. Study the brain from several angles. 4. Desire to detect the various colors, such as gray in the front, pink in the mid part and dark red in the back part. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as points of reference in the future. When there is brain damage you may get an impression of black areas or spots. To help in the solution of this problem Erase the dark area or spot and form and project an impression of a healthy brain, and it is so. When you imagine a damaged area, get further impressions of the connecting nerves, which you can then follow to the possible corresponding malfunctions of the body. Damaged nerves may impress you as being oval and flat and dark in color. Healthy nerves may appear transparent and roundish. Some nerves, like those in the sensory motor system, cross over from one side of the brain to the opposite side of the body. Concentrate your attention on the front part of the brain again at the count of three we will return to the bone structure level one two three get an impression of a skull at the count of three we will return to the outer level one two three we are now at the outer level get an impression of the hair the face the eyes and eyebrows to test the senses you can imagine that you are superimposing the subjects head over your own as though you were putting on a helmet then you will test your own senses and whatever you feel reflects a condition of your subject while your subject's head is superimposed over your own you can ask what kind of problem your subject has you may ask whether it is psychological or physiological and then clear your mind for a moment of time whatever impression comes to you immediately after this will tell you the problem of your subject you will then concentrate in this particular area. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future. Remember whenever you put the subject's head over your own to remove it when you have completed your investigation. Now raise the body still still facing you, and place your hands on each side of the ribcage. Begin concentrating on the center of the chest. At the count of three, we will again enter the bone structure level within the human kingdom. One, two, three. 3. You are now at the bone structure level. Desire to detect through visualization or imagination the skeletal structure of your subject. The ribcage, the spinal column, the arms and legs, and the hip bones. We are now able to detect abnormalities at this level and, in the case of arthritis for example, you may detect a powdery substance collecting on the joints of the fingers and sometimes the wrists, elbows, shoulder joints, and even the spinal column. The same substance will be evident in other joints where arthritis may occur. You will also be able to detect fractures old and new. To determine when a fracture took place, use your time mechanism device and go back in time until the perceived fracture disappears and you know then when the fracture occurred. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future. Now again concentrate on the center of the chest and at the count of three we will enter the heart tissue level within the human Kingdom one two three we are now at the heart tissue level desire to detect through visualization or imagination your subjects heart recall previous impressions and pictures of a heart and recall how it operates imagine this heart which belongs to your subject imagine it from an external point of view sense it know it is there feel it whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three the heart will become transparent one two three the heart is now transparent imagine how the valves function sometimes you will get the impression of an enlarged heart or erratic beating or scar tissue formations and in some cases malfunctioning valves whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future to test for blood pressure. Fold the fingers of your hand around an artery near the heart. Use your imagination to feel the intensity of the pulsations. If you get an impression of strong pulsations, there's high blood pressure. The strength of pulsations can also indicate normal or weak pulsations or pressure. If you get the impression that the artery gives and contracts that it is flexible, then there is no hardening of the arteries. An impression of no flexibility means hardening of the the arteries. To test for blood chemistry, mentally draw a sample of the subject's blood and put it in an imaginary test tube. Then agitate the blood sample and before stopping, decide the purpose of the test. Once you have decided to test for the percentage of white blood cells or sugar content or cholesterol or foreign chemicals. Stop agitating the sample. Let it settle. You will detect two different colors of blood chemistry. The less dominant color will indicate the substance you are testing for. Once you have detected what you are testing for. You will mentally ask yourself whether you are impressed with high, low, or normal content. Then clear your mind for a moment and the first impression you receive is usually the strongest and the right one. You can repeat this operation with the same blood sample for the rest of the test. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, we will enter the lung tissue level within the human kingdom. One, two, three. Desire to detect through visualization or imagination two lungs as they expand and contract. One lung could be a little larger than the other. This is sometimes normal. You may become aware of occasional lung problems, such as fluid at the bottom of the lungs, or of more serious conditions, such as infections, tumors, perforations, loss of elasticity, spasticity, asthma, and other detectable states. Whatever you perceive with your imagination, you can use as a point of reference in the future. Sometimes, portion of a lung or the complete lung have to be removed through surgery. When this happens, you will detect a lighter color on the portion of the lung that has been removed. Or the complete lung, when removed, may be lighter any portion of the body that has been amputated will impress you as being lighter in color than the rest of the body once you have found a malfunctioning part of the body sense it changing back to proper functioning and let this be your final impression at the count of three we will enter the stomach tissue level within the human kingdom One, two, three. Desire to detect through visualization or imagination your subject's stomach. Recall your previous experience for an accurate impression of a stomach. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. Some of the more common problems of the stomach are ulcers, tumors obstructions and the improper balance of gastric juices in the case of surgery when a portion of the stomach has been removed you will get an impression of an entire stomach with the missing parts sensed in a lighter shade or color that contrast with the rest of the stomach at the of three we will enter the level to sense the intestinal tract one two three desire to detect through visualization or imagination the intestinal tract as it begins at the outlet of the stomach the first part is a small intestine some of the problems of the intestines are much the the same as those of the stomach, and many of these same problems carry over to the large intestine at the lower right side of the trunk of the body, where the appendix is located. Whatever you perceive with your imagination, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, we will concentrate on the pancreas at that particular tissue level one two three desire to detect through visualization or imagination the pancreas it is slightly below and behind the stomach it is an elongated gland that feeds its digestive juices through a duct into the small intestines an obstructed duct could prevent the enzymes from entering the small intestine. The pancreas contains islands of cells that produce a hormone called insulin that is released directly into the bloodstream. An impression of black spots or islands on the pancreas could indicate diabetes. Light spots or islands on the pancreas could indicate hypoglycemia. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. A final impression of a properly functioning and healthy pancreas is recommended for better health. At the count of three, we will enter the liver tissue level within the human kingdom. One, two, three. 3. Desire to detect, through visualization or imagination, the liver. The liver is a little higher than the pancreas and to the right in a person's body. It has been said by psychics that if the liver gives a shiny impression, it is healthy. If dull, a problem may exist. There could be one of several things wrong. there could be an enlargement of the liver tumors or infections whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future at the count of three we will enter the gallbladder level within the human kingdom one two three desire to detect through through visualization or imagination, the gallbladder. The gallbladder is attached to the liver. It has a duct that joins a pancreatic duct to form a common duct into the small intestine. Stone formations could exist in any duct of any gland. When you perceive an impression of stone formations in the gallbladder or in any duct, Imagine going through the process of crushing the stones into a fine powder with your fingers and imagine the powder dissolving in the gland secretions. Your last impression of the gallbladder should be a healthy one with no stone formations. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. Now at the count of three, we will enter the kidney tissue level within the human kingdom. One, two, three. Desire to detect, through visualization or imagination, two kidneys. You have seen pictures of kidneys before. Get an impression of them as being solid from an outer point of view. you. Sometimes one kidney is a little larger than the other, and sometimes one is a little higher than the other, but this could be a normal condition. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, you can use as a point of reference in the future. At the count of three, we will perceive the kidneys being transparent. One, two, three. Desire to sense the kidneys transparent. If you detect these filtering systems as processing unequally or differently from each other, then something could be wrong, such as an infection. An infection could travel up from the bladder to the kidney or from the kidney to the bladder. Stone formations also could hinder the functioning of a kidney. When this is a case imagine crushing the stone formations into a fine powder with your fingers and imagine the powder dissolving in the urine. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future. When you get an impression that both kidneys are not functioning quite well but you're not sure why, then compare the subjects kidneys to those of a healthy person who has no kidney problems. The final impression should always be one of health. At the count of three we will go back to the gallbladder level 1 2 3 to the liver level to the pancreas level to the intestinal tract level to the stomach level to the lung level to the heart level to the skeletal body level now back to the outer level we are now at the outer level of the human kingdom here you can study the outer skin by desiring to perceive it through visualization or imagination you can detect skin problems such as infections allergies tumors injuries or scars whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as a point of reference in the future now project your subject back in front of the screen mentally turn the subjects body so the subjects left side faces you now turn the subjects back toward you now the right side now allow the subject to face you change the color of the screen to red change the color of the screen to green now change the color to blue the color of the screen will now Now change back to green, back to red, back to black. Now imagine your subject in perfect health. Now cause your subject to disappear from the scene. Your subject has now disappeared from the scene. whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension you can use as points of reference in the future it is now an accomplished fact that you have established subjective points of reference in the animate matter kingdom having reproductive intelligence and an awareness of existence and you understand how these points of reference apply to the human body and mind kingdom at its different levels and different depths to function at these levels and to use these points of reference all you need is a sincere desire to solve problems your mind will automatically seek out these points of reference where you will perceive and become aware of information you can use to solve problems and this is so in a moment I'm going to count from 1 to 5 and cause a sound with my fingers at that moment you will open your eyes be wide awake feeling fine and in perfect health feeling better than before one two coming out slowly now three at the count of five you will open your eyes be wide awake feeling fine and in perfect health feeling better than before feeling the way you feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing refreshing relaxing healthy sleep for five eyes open wide awake feeling fine and in perfect health feeling better than before to guarantee success with your silver techniques we recommend that you take take the Silva Seminars live. For more information over course schedules and locations, log on to silvamethod.com or call 1-800-545-6463 within the continental United States or 956-722-6391.
