Find a comfortable position, close your eyes, and enter your level by yourself, using the three-to-one method, followed by a ten-to-one countdown. down. I will then come in after that with some positive statements and affirmations. Take your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. it is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed a very healthy state of being we will now program effective sensory projection for your success and program information with the use of mental projection for your benefit we will establish subjective points of reference at the creative dimension establishing points of reference at different levels and different depths our present project is the creation of your laboratory in a moment I'm going to count from 10 to 1 when we reach the count of 1 we We will have reached a deeper dimension, another dimension of mind, a very special depth, the creative dimension where we can create. 8, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. One. You are now at a deeper level of mind. The creative dimension. I'm going to count slowly from one to three and at the count of three I will cause a sound of my fingers. By that time you will have created a room that will house your laboratory. laboratory. 1. Begin creating the room by deciding the size and shape you want. The ceiling height. Walls. Flooring. Leave your south wall blank. 2. Select colors of your choice 3. It is now an accomplished fact that you have created a room at this dimension. This room will be known as your laboratory. In a moment I will count from 1 to 3. At the count of 3 you will have created a chair with armrests for your use in your laboratory. 1. Create a chair with armrests. You may choose any size, color, and type of chair. 2. Select the the upholstery of your choice. Three, it is now an accomplished fact that you have created a chair you will use when working in your laboratory. I will count from one to three. By that time, you will have created a desk. One, create a desk, the size, width, and color of your choice. 2. Place your desk wherever you wish within your laboratory. 3. It is now an accomplished fact that you have created a desk to be used in your laboratory. I will now count from 1 to 3. By that time, you will have created a clock. one create a clock the size and shape of your choice to place it wherever you wish in your laboratory three it is now an accomplished fact that you have created a clock I will now count from 1 to 3. By that time you will have created a perpetual calendar. 1. Create a calendar that will indicate the year, the month, the day and the date. 2. A calendar that can indicate any date in the past, present, or future. Place it wherever you wish in your laboratory. 3. It is now an accomplished fact that you have created a perpetual calendar that indicates the past, present, and future. I will now count from 1 to 3. By that time you will have created an information system that contains information of all kinds. 1. Create an information system. Its height, width, depth and color are your choice. Place it wherever you wish within your laboratory. 2. This information system contains information that can be used to solve problems of all kinds. Problems that existed in the past, exist in the present, and may exist in the future. 3. It is now an accomplished fact that you have created an information system that contains information for solving problems of all kinds Problems that existed in the past, exist in the present, and may exist in the future By that time you will have created tools, instruments, equipment, chemicals, and medications of all kinds and you will place them where you wish within your laboratory one create tools instruments and equipment chemicals and medications of all kinds two tools instruments and equipment chemicals and medications that existed in the past 3. It is now an accomplished fact that you have created tools, instruments, equipment, chemicals, and medications of all kinds that have existed in the past, exist in the present, and may exist in the future. Whatever you perceive with your imagination at this dimension, dimension you can use as points of reference in the future. It is now an accomplished fact that you have created a laboratory and that subjective points of reference have been established at different levels and different depths of the creative dimension. To function at these levels and to use these points of reference, all you need is to have a sincere desire to solve problems. your mind will automatically seek out these points of reference where you will perceive and become aware of information that you can use to solve such problems and this is so every time you function at these levels of the mind you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally you may use these levels of the mind to help yourself physically and mentally You may use these levels of the mind to help any human being who needs help physically and mentally. you will always use these levels of the mind in a constructive creative manner for all that is good honest pure clean and positive and this is so you will continue to strive to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in so that when you move on You shall have left behind a better world for those who follow. You will consider the whole of humanity, depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters. You are a superior human being. You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. In a moment, I'm going to count from 1 to 3 and cause a sound with my fingers. At that moment, you will continue to exit this exercise on your own by counting slowly from 1 to 5. And at the count of five, you will snap your fingers lightly, open your eyes, and say, wide awake, feeling fine and healthy, feeling better than before. I will now count. One. Two. Three. Three, continue to exit this exercise on your own by counting slowly from one to five, and then at the count of five, you will snap your fingers lightly, open your eyes and say, wide awake, feeling fine and healthy, feeling better than before. Take your time. Thank you.
