we will begin this exercise with a three-to-one method find a comfortable position close your eyes take a deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize the number three three times. To help you learn to relax physically at level three, I'm going to direct your attention to different parts of your body. Relax your scalp. relax your forehead relax your eyes and the tissue surrounding your eyes with a slight smile relax your face relax your throat and neck area externally and internally relax your shoulders arms and hands Take a deep breath, and as you exhale, relax your chest externally and internally. take a deep breath and as you exhale relax your abdominal area externally and internally Relax your thighs Relax your knees relax your calves relax your feet you are now at a deeper healthier level of mind deeper than before this is your physical relaxation level three whenever you mentally repeat and visualize the number three your body will relax as completely as you are now and more so every time you practice to enter mental relaxation level 2 take a deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize number 2 3 times and you are at level 2 a deeper level in three level two is for mental relaxation where noises will not distract you instead noises will help you to relax mentally more and more to improve mental relaxation at level two practice visualizing tranquil and passive scenes in a holographic three-dimensional manner engaging all of your subjective senses do that now take another deep breath and while exhaling mentally repeat and visualize number one three times you are now at level one the basic plane level a deeper healthier level of mind to help you enter a deeper healthier level of mind I'm going to count from ten to one on each descending number you will feel yourself going deeper and you will enter a deeper healthier level of mind ten nine feel going deeper eight seven six deeper and deeper. Five. Four. Three. Deeper and deeper. Two. One. You are now at a deeper, healthier level of mind deeper than before it is a wonderful feeling to be deeply relaxed a very healthy state of being effective sensory projection statements for success i will be speaking in your place I am now able to function my intelligence by developing my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any point place level or depth so as to be aware of any actions taking place I am able to function in non locality regarding time and space I am aware that intelligence exists at all levels and depths in the universe and therefore I can attune to all information I I am now able to use my sensing faculties and to experience myself as any matter kingdom, mineral, plant, animal and human if this is what I desire to do. I am now able to detect abnormalities whenever such abnormalities exist within any kingdom, any level any depth I am now able to apply corrective measures and to bring back to normalcy any abnormality found within any Kingdom any level and any depth quantum energy is available at any level to be acted upon to create through through the subjective and objective dimensions. We will now impress new information for your benefit, the mental screen. To locate your mental screen, begin with your eyes closed, turn slightly upward from the horizontal plane of sight at an angle of approximately 20 degrees. The area that you perceive with your mind is your mental screen. Without using your eyelids as screens, sense your mental screen to be out away from your body. To improve To improve the use of your mental screen, project images or mental pictures onto the screen, especially images having color. Concentrate on mentally sensing and visualizing true color. Programming the HoloViewing technique that you can use for problem solving. Whenever you need to solve a problem, make a decision, or obtain guidance with the Holoviewing technique, proceed in the following manner. Project the image of the problem or present situation onto your mental screen as a two-dimensional dull gray tone image similar to a black and white Polaroid photograph in order to make a brief study of the problem. Make the problem image smaller, smaller and smaller until it completely disappears. At that moment when the problem image disappears create an image of the solution and allow it to approach you by making it bigger and bigger be sure to project a bright clear and colorful dynamic solution image stop the approaching image and modify improve or change any element of the image that needs improvement. When the image of the solution is exactly as you desire it to be continue allowing it to approach you by getting bigger still until it wraps around you and you find yourself within the image in a holographic three three-dimensional experience with a 360-degree spherical view. At this point, you may experience yourself fully and completely, engaging all of your mental senses together with coherent emotions. You may also experience yourself in a second-person point of view. In other words, you may experience the solution image from the other person or person's point of view. In addition, you may also project yourself outside the scene and experience observing the solution image from a third-person perspective, the observer. This allows you to have a full holographic experience that you can then move forward into the future through hollow movement experiencing the solution in a past tense sense from the perspective of whole and complete. mentally talk to source energy within you and through the hollow viewing technique share your desires charged with coherent emotions with your source energy express great gratitude gratitude, appreciation, compassion or love to source energy deep within you. Take for granted that your source energy will assist you with manifesting your solution. During the next three days, look for indications that point to the solution. every time you think of the project think of the solution that you have created with the hollow viewing technique and do so in a past tense sense it is time to work on one problem case using the hollow viewing technique project the image of the problem or present situation onto your mental screen as a two-dimensional dull gray tone image similar to a black and white Polaroid photograph in order to make a brief study of the problem. make the problem image smaller smaller and smaller until it completely disappears at that moment when the problem image disappears create an image of the solution and allow it to approach you by making it bigger and bigger be sure to project a bright clear colorful and dynamic solution image stop the approaching image and modify improve or change any element of the image that needs improvement created exactly how you wish it to be when the image of the solution is exactly as you desire it to be continue allowing it to approach you by getting bigger and bigger still until it wraps around you and you find yourself within the image in a holographic three-dimensional experience with a 360-degree spherical view. Take a deep breath and relax. At this point, experience yourself fully and completely, engaging all of your mental senses together with coherent emotions. Bring about desire, belief and expectation, faith. You may also experience yourself in a second person point of view. In other words, you may experience the solution image from the other person or person's point of view. In addition, you may also project yourself outside the scene and experience observing the solution image from a third-person perspective the observer engage in the experience fully and completely in a holographic manner that you can then move forward into the future through hollow movement experiencing the solution in a past tense sense from the perspective of whole and complete mentally talk to source energy within you and through the hall of you in technique share your desires charged with coherent emotions emotions. expressions, expressions, expressions. compassion and a love to source energy deep within you for being there with you and for you every step of the way Take for granted that your source energy will assist you with manifesting your solution. During the next three days, look for indications that point to the solution. every time you think of the project think of the solution that you created with a hollow viewing technique do so in a past tense sense and expect this or better than this to manifest Every time you function at these levels of the mind, you will receive beneficial effects physically and mentally. You may use these levels of the mind to help yourself, to help your loved ones and to help any human being who needs help physically and mentally. You will always use these levels of the mind in a constructive, creative manner for all that is good, honest, pure, clean, and positive, and this is so. you will continue to strive to take part in constructive and creative activities to make this a better world to live in so that when you move on you shall have left behind a better world for those who follow you will consider the whole of humanity depending Depending on their ages, as fathers or mothers, brothers or sisters, sons or daughters, you are a superior human being. You have greater understanding, compassion, and patience with others. in a moment I'm going to count from one to five and cause a sound with my fingers at that moment you will open your eyes be wide awake feeling fine and in perfect health feeling better than than before one two coming out slowly now three at the count of five you will open your eyes be wide awake feeling fine and in perfect health feeling better than before feeling the way you feel when you have slept the right amount of revitalizing, refreshing, relaxing, healthy sleep. Four, five, eyes open, wide awake, feeling fine and in perfect health, feeling better than before. To guarantee success with your Silva techniques, we recommend that you take the Silva seminars live. For more information over course schedules and locations, log on to silvamethod.com or call 1-800-545-6463 within the continental United States or 956-722-6391. Thank you.
