The purpose of this exercise is to help you connect with guides who can assist you with your stated intent. Move now through your preparatory process and then move on to Focus 10 and I will join you there. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now, calm and relaxed in Focus 10. Feel the energy as it moves through every cell in your physical body. Thank you. Now say in your mind, say to yourself, I deeply desire the help and cooperation, the assistance, existence, the understanding of those individuals whose wisdom, development, and experience are equal to or greater than my own. I ask their guidance and protection. I ask that the light of their being the light of their Source Surround me and assist me in this exercise. you will move now to focus 12 by the method you have learned begin now Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now, in Focus 12, ask for the assistance of four guides. Guides whom you know and trust. Ask for their assistance and help. these guides are here to help you with your stated desires feel them moving towards you perceive them as two move to one side of you and two move to the other side of you. Feel their presence on either side of you. Now ask your guides to assist you. As you do, feel the light of their being merge with your light. Feel their loving support as they lift you up. Up. Further and further away from your physical body. Feel yourself moving upward calmly and comfortably as they guide you. your energy body moving upward more and more more. Feel it. You are now above the physical body, calm and secure with your guide on either side of you. fully embrace this feeling. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now, calmly and gently Feel your guides, slowly moving you back, back to the physical, back to focus 12, moving Moving back, slowly, confidently, back, back to focus 12. Relax now Now, in the familiar state of Focus 12, with your guides on either side of you. Now, again, ask your guides to assist you, to help move you upward. You feel them lifting you higher and higher, confidently you move with them. expanding upward, away from the physical body, higher and higher, higher and higher, Now, in this new state of being, you are free to explore. floor. Simply be open to the experience. I will call you when it is time to return, and and you will hear my voice and you will respond. Begin this free flow period now. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You will return now. Now, back to normal, Focus 12, as your guides slowly and gently guide you back, back to the familiar state of Focus 12. 12, feel yourself moving back, slowly and confidently back to focus 12, the 12 state, Thank you. Relax now in the familiar state of Focus 12. Now, in Focus 12, express gratitude for all you have experienced. Let it radiate throughout your entire being. Take a moment to express this gratitude now. You will return now back to full physical waking consciousness as I count from 12 back to 1. You will be fully awake and alert by the time I reach the number one. Totally refreshed in every way. With all systems within the body physical. Operating wonderfully and efficiently. I will count now. Twelve. Eleven. Ten Nine 9 8 7 Seven, breathe deeply. Six. Five, begin to move your physical body. 4 3 2 1, 1, awaken alert, and welcome back. Thank you.
